""he is good at teaching.""
""Very boring unhelpful class. Numerous students ditched class while the ones that did attend we're falling asleep. Lecture unhelpful and Beeson himself was boring. Tests are difficult and do not pertain to the homework at all. The homework is through his own website and simple"," but you do not learn anything from it.""
""Well... the subject of differentials & linear algebra is hard. That said", he does try to make it as easy as possible by using variation of example problems on the midterms. Sample midterm/ final was just like the real exam. Study, Study," Study. Got by this class by self-learning everything from khan academy and youtube. Textbook is useless""
""Math 123 can be one of the hardest courses for engineering students at SJSU. Therefore", I believe that Prof. Beeson has done the best he could. I don't know why people keep complaining about partial credit, but I agree with his point of view - If you want to become an engineer, you are not allowed to make mistakes. That's life," deal with it.""
""Prof. Beeson is extremely apathetic to students", he does not care if you pass or fail. On exams, he does not give any partial credit, which is extremely odd for a math class. Even if you did the problem correct but made a mistake," you lose all your points for one question because Mr. Beeson expects you to be perfect. Strongly do not recommend him""
""I sleep in class and I still manage to average a B grade for the 3 midterms.""
""He's so boring and even makes me feel sleepy. I always plays computer games during classes and have to learn the knowledge by myself""
""2 midterms", 1 final. 10 questions total, and doesn't give partial credit or any extra credit. His voice is very monotone, making it difficult to pay attention. What's worse is trying to understand his handwriting. Half the time," I couldn't read what he wrote because it was so tiny and pretty much chicken scratch. Try to avoid taking him.""
""Decent professor"," knows his material really well but isnt effective in teaching it to other... tests and exams arent too bad they are similar to the sample exams he gives... similar concepts just different problems... quizzes time to time... be prepared to learn the majority of the lectures on your own...""
""DO NOT take this professor", terrible at speaking and explaining. Tests are only a few questions and a lot of points. Gave one section an easier final than the other," and does not give partial credit.""
""I took calculus before so the class wasn't as hard however", his tests are only 10 problems usually and each is worth a ton and he doesn't give partial credit usually so you have to exact. No calculators for his class and random quizzes in class from time to time. Hw is easy all done on an online program no effort, will you learn calculus," maybe.""
""This proffesor is a total joke"," avoid him at all costs. He manages to take a not too challenging subject into something impossible.""
""Pros:clear plans for the whole semester", course plan and grading standards are good, software is good, never late or absent, a knowledgable professor.        Cons:he is always explaining but not teaching, need to go learn in the book by yourself
""Beeson is one the first professors that I had at SJSU. He lives and breathes the CLRS book. His lectures are very clear", but the projects, which account for 50% of the grade are difficult," so work on them early. Tests were easy and open book. Come to lecture and take notes!""
""He analyzes everything you say like a bad shrink. The other commenter wasn't kidding when they said he stops for minutes at a time to contemplate the next step. Heard of planning? No calculators"," which would be fine except that some test questions are ridiculous without one (eg. plug 5/4 into 4x^3+15x^2+12x+6. Actual step in a final exam Q)""
""Because he spent several years creating his math software", he believes it's the ultimate teacher when teaching calculus.  He's apathetic to students, expects so much from them. Very unclear," boring. I've never had a math prof. who pauses for days thinking what's the next step to take in a math problem.""
""Smart and very nice teacher. Good teach style. Lector is organized. Know how to teach student. know how to separate the section and assignment"," then student could learn step by step. Not push too much. You need to read the book before listen the lecture. Learn a lot from the course. Very useful course overall.""
""Very hard homework but easy tests.  If you listen to the lectures and attend class you will do great"," reading the book is mostly optional.""
""He's a damn good professor but he can be a bit of a jerk sometimes.  I was in the section where he yelled at the whole class for 30 minutes because half of the people in both sections failed the 2nd midterm.  Just keep up with the lecture notes", study before midterms," and do all the HW.  You should do just fine.""
""Beeson is one of the best teachers I've had at this school.  It's a hard class"," but he explains things well. I've never met a teacher that was as willing to help students as this guy.  He'll take a later bus home to santa cruz if people still need help!  Don't take this class with any other teacher. Trust me.""
""Had a horrible time in this class and Im good at math. He discourages using calculators or formulas", is terrible at lecturing," and doesnt put any grades in Canvas.""
""He's horrible"," take him at your own risk. I'm taking him online and have been struggling in his class. He refuses to record online lectures. He barely grades any assignments throughout the whole semester until the end. His exams are nothing like the homework and gives no study guides or practice test questions. He uses proctorio for tests.""
""Don't take him for any math classes unless you are a math genius. His midterms and final were ridiculously harder than the homework"," and he never went over the concepts behind the exam problems before the exams. He doesn't even curve the exams even if they are below the class average. The majority failed in his classes. Avoid him at all costs!""
""He's a pretty good professor as long as you go to class. Most of the problems on exams will be the ones he does in class", so go to class. He will often say if he asks this on exams this is how to do it and then he'll show the work. Three exams total," two midterms and a final. The homework isn't too helpful so don't expect those on exams.""
""Overall"," a manageable class with a relatively difficult subject matter. Most of the tests are questions and examples he mentions in class so it is important that you attend and pay attention to all of his lectures. Homework seemed like busy work since the problems were way harder than ones in class and were not on the tests at all.""
""Look for practice midterms for his class. They are pretty similar to his real exams. Also", even though he primarily presents through PPT, really understand the definitions and underlying proofs/probs he writes. If you don't understand them," either ask people around you or a tutor after class. Understanding each definition and proof is key for exam!""
""If you have the opportunity to take discrete math with another instructor or to a community college"," do so. His teaching style is heavy on his slides which relates NOTHING to the homework. His homework DOES NOT reflect what he teaches in class. I ended up learning discrete math from a YouTuber. This was a waste of time and money.""
""Barely any curve", just recites text directly from textbook," and does NOT put any grades online through the grading portal or use it at all for that matter.""
""His lectures are based off of slides", which aren't the best to learn from due to them being blobs of text. He goes way too fast as well," sometimes skipping topics or barely explaining them. I think people are better off learning from the book. Homework doesn't seem to help much on exams.""
""Super hard"," first midterm was somewhat by the books but second midterm and final was terrible. Homework did not help at all""
""Super hard! Homework is not relevant to exam material and he actually gets annoyed if you go to clarify things during office hours. You're better off self-studying and using Slader to solve your problems. Avoid!""
""He doesn't explain things very well and isn't the most friendly. When you dont understand something he seems offended and acts like you weren't paying attention and thats why you dont understand. Somewhat condescending. He is very distant from his students and isnt the type that will learn the names of his students. Very impersonal & bad at teachin""
""Easily the worst professor I've had. Doesnt explain things well", just monologues without making much sense. Class is dependent on doing well on the 3 tests, with homework barely making any contribution to your grade. Teaches straight out of powerpoint," rarely taking time to do problems on the board. Youtube is more helpful than going to class""
""He mostly reads off of his powerpoint", but the slides explain stuff pretty decently. He is always open to questions & is accessible outside class. There's two midterms and a final, which were all pretty easy. He also puts up homework every week, but gives you about 4-5 days to work on it. Overall," he's a very nice person and does his best to help.""
""I eventually stopped going to class because his lectures were awful and just read the book. The material is very interesting"," but Kubelka ruins it by reading off a """"wall of text"""" powerpoint derived from the book. He rarely """"teaches"""" because he lacks the intuition and clarity to do so effectively. His online homework is a mess of errors.""
""By far one of the worst math professors ever", this is my second math course at SJSU and he was one of the worst professors ever. He is not clear when explaining the lessons," all he does is read off the power point. If you don't know how to do proofs or haven't learned them since the prerequisites for this class is precalc do not take him.""
""Kubelka might be the worst professor that I have had at sjsu. I have found that watching a 5-10 minute youtube video is often more helpful that his lectures. He teaches straight from powerpoint"," occasionally writing some stuff on the board. His tests are nothing like the homework. Tests are proof based and the homework is more calculations based.""
""He was one of the most helpful professors I had all of last year", and taught a really hard subject. Most of his examples were interesting, making it easier, and he was fairly funny in general. The tests were fairly hard," but that didnt make too much of a difference after all the help he gave. Especially after going to his office hours.""
""Gives hw where you actually do math", however," midterms were not like that. You mostly answer why and how something is the way it is. Did not expect this on the first midterm which dug me into a deep hole.""
""Rambles a lot. Make sure to review slides after lectures to let the information solidify in your mind. The number of homework problems assigned will seem unreasonable compared to that assigned by other discrete math professors.""
""I've never been more confused in all my school years. He is very disorganized. Teaches a topic at the end that is not available online"," in textbooks or even through adequate in-class materials. I've never seen the whole class so confused and disappointed in a teacher. You've been warned.""
""Not a good choice. Difficult to understand his english. Random lecture topics. Seemed unorganised and chaotic. However you dont have much of a choice with his subject.""
""Database is an important class"," so please don't waste yours on him.""
""Adamant", vague, confusing. In the two lectures I stayed for, Lin was very insistent that we all have Visual Studio (even if it meant installing another OS). He threatened to drop anyone who couldn't get it," despite there being more viable alternatives to VS. The advice he gives is questionable
""Horrible teacher. Barely lectures during class time"," and continually talks about his project his students have contributed to over the years. It's nearly impossible to understand what he is saying
""It is really easy class. If you get lower than B+"," then you might need to switch Major. Class topic can be helpful for your study but lecture is NOT useful""
""Absolutely and unequivocally the worst teacher I have ever had in my entire life. You will learn very little to nothing from him and what he expects on assignments and tests is unclear. His communication skills", both written and verbal," are almost nonexistent. The class was a very long and stressful way to learn a little SQL from a textbook.""
""Worst professor on earth. Harasses mentally. NOT fair with grading. Calls on weekends"," holidays. His moto is to torture students""
""Terrible teacher. Lectures are slow and repetitive. Course breadth is extremely narrow. He does not speak good English. He cannot see well enough to read read and makes constant typos. Homework assignments are poorly given without full explanation of grading criteria. He gives free grades increases and extra credit for helping him outside of class.""
""Worst professor I have ever had. Horrible lectures and repeats the same lectures over and over. Barely taught anything and never used the book. Tried to defend his poor teaching by showing student evaluations from 10 years ago and then bash the rest of the teachers as SJSU for not publishing as much as him.""
""Don't ever take his subject. He is horrible"," he takes tests but never grades them. U don't have to work in his subject and u learn nothing.""
""Bad lecturer. Disorganized. Learned very little about assembly. Stayed on one topic for the entire semester. Keeps poor records of grades.""
""He's a great programmer but a pretty bad professor. He's useless unless you can understand what he's trying to say. His teaching style can be described as authoritarian. Look", if you understand him and truly care about the subject, you'll learn quite a lot. Otherwise," avoid.""
""Worst professor i have ever seen. i don't understand what is he doing in San Jose State? Waste of time and money. Don't take this class unless you have to. Grades are easy to get"," but you won't learn anything. Not a single word ! He doesn't even know what he is teaching. He neither understand nor speak proper English.. Avoid it guys....""
""Absolutely the worst instructor I have ever had. His lectures are unorganized", unclear," and repetitive. Taking his class was a waste of my time and money. Save yourself the trouble and avoid him at all costs. Lin should not be given the right to retire
""The worst teacher. I got an A in the course"," so I am not bitter. Previous reviews are true. A third exam a week before the final is proof of his disorganization. Waited until the final day to inform us that only the top 10% (out of 25 students) will receive A's regardless of overall %. The head of CS has received many complaints about Lin.""
""He really likes to talk about himself. He lectures about the same thing for a few weeks", which you don't learn anything new in the class. He does not have a set schedule, grading policy, or midterm schedule, so expect to take random quizes and midterms. Not recommended. He knows his stuff," but doesn't know how to lecture.""
""Do not take this teacher. First of all he only speaks about himself most of the class time. Then he spents all other time giving quiz which he didn't teach. No only that"," he doesn't give answers to the exams or quizzes if asked in the class. In many occastions he ignores student questions and not answer them throughout the class. He prefers you to""
""Sloppy", careless," and utterly incomprehensible. Also a hypocrite. Squawks about students not having the """"right attitude"""" or not putting in enough effort"," but puts in zero to no effort into teaching the class! He wore pajama pants under his jeans once. What a lazy professor! His tests and notes look like they were typed by retarded monkeys. AVOID!!!""
""Dr.ty Lin is the worst professor in the CS department. If only he would retire", since the Department can't fire him.  Please do the school a favor and do not register in any section he teaches.  I won't make that mistake again.  Nothing sucks the life out of a student," like a professor that just doesn't care.""
""Great person", but not the best teacher. He puts lots of emphasis on critical topics for the exams which was helpful," but does not stay on topic during lectures all the time and relies too much on group projects for homework.""
""Great Professor! Would take him again. He is super caring and has a loving and warm attitude"," which makes class easy to go to. Take him if you can. Class is paper heavy there are no tests. Gives good instruction on papers though.""
""Professor Key is awesome! For this introductory honors seminar", he does an amazing job with class discussions and making the lectures student lead instead of professor led. He gives great feedback on papers," so if papers are not your thing he will help you write them well. He is very good at making time outside of class for students.""
""Get ready for tons of lectures and notes. As long as you pay attention you'll pass. Has extra credit assignments here and there"," but he's very passionate about the subject and expects you to discuss the topics.""
""Great guy", but the class was a bit of a headache. He lectured a lot, and ended up basically yelling trying to be 'passionate.' there is lots of group work, and the tests are very difficult to prepare for. I would love to speak to him outside of class," but I just didn't enjoy how he taught.""
""I'd 10/10 be friends with him outside of class but do not take his class. Way too difficult for the level of the class and his tests do not reflect your understanding of the content 0/10.""
""I'll preface this by saying I'm a lazy student who doesn't like applying myself. This class requires you to do the reading and really think in order to excel. That being said", I loved the class so much, I changed my major. Dr. Key is the best college professor I've ever had. If you have a chance to learn from him," do it. Right now.""
"" This is the hardest class i have ever taken. A lot of work and reading to prepare for tests. The tests are long and you only have the class time to finish. ""
""If there is another professor for this course take him (or her). He only explains subjects in ways that he can understand but leaves the rest of the class confused. He answers questions harshly and is not the friendliest guy. He weights his tests a lot so if you do poorly on one test it will really affect your grade. Tests are extremely difficult.""
""Honestly", one of the best professors I have ever had. Fantastic at doing his job! However," it is one of the hardest classes I have ever had as well. No way I would be able to make it out alive without Professor Key! ""
""Dr. Key is an amazing teacher with a true passion for Philosophy. His class is really hard"," so constantly keep up with the work load.""
""Fantastic professor. VERY hard class but you will learn a ton. He is a funny guy who loves the Lord", knows what he is talking about," and is extremely helpful if approached outside of class. One of the most intelligent people I have ever met.""
""Assigns wayyyyy too much reading for very little quiz and test questions.""
""Not will to help you understand information. Rushes through lecture and expects you to learn information not cover in class on your own. Tell student that they should not be working if they are taking his class""
""He's tough because his courses require you to keep up in the reading and then synthesize it into writing of some sort"," but he is extremely encouraging and wise. a truly great prof.""
""Dude"," Key is tough but he is funny and if you stay with him you'll definitely learn a lot.""
""Professor Key is my favorite professor at CBU so far! He is challenging but it is worth it. He makes the topic of philosophy interesting and relevant. He is very helpful with any questions. I loved taking his class and hope to have him as a professor again.""
""Definitely one of the hardest professors! If you like philosophy go for it. If you are not ready to be challenged and work really really hard don't even bother. He knows a lot about the subject and he's passionate about it. Have fun!""
""Fun guy", you will learn so much you won't know what to do with some of it. IT WILL INCORPORATE INTO YOUR LIFE. His class is difficult for the fact that he wants you to type a  one to three page summary of the text you read depending on what it is," and if you don't understand the philosopher this class is not for you.""
""Amazing professor", probably the best at CBU! Also the hardest, so be prepared to work til it hurts. If you don't like reading, don't bother. If you actually want to learn, there's no one better! He's super intelligent, passionate about the subjects, helpful," and kind. Took HON100/300 with him. Can't wait for HON350!""
""Lash is not as bad as people make him out to be. He can seem like a know it all at times"," but he definitely has his students' best interest in mind and does everything he can to help you pass. The homework can be very specific to the textbook and the grading can be nitpicky but I didn't hate the class by any means.""
""Professor Lash has a much worse reputation than he deserves. I went in expecting a terrible experience but found the class to actually be fairly interesting and engaging. While I wouldn't choose to take it again", it wasn't a terrible class to have to take for one semester. Professor Lash is a nice man," but his teaching style is not the best.""
""This teacher is just really annoying and accuses students of cheating with no proof. A friend of mine failed his class just because they did good enough on a test that he thought they had to cheated so he decided to fail them.""
""Lash is a wonderful example of Christ in the classroom. He cares for his students' spiritual growth immensely. In most cases", before you walk in the classroom for the first time, he'll already know your name and face," because he so intentionally wants to get to know you. I have mad respect for him! Go to review sessions and you'll excel!""
""Professor Lash really does have good intentions", but you'll hear a lot of crap about him before you ever walk into class. Memorize the verses, read the book, show up to class, and you'll easily pass. Just don't take him at 8 am or you'll definitely fall asleep. Also," go to his study guide sessions and he'll give you the answers to the exams.""
""Everyone says Lash is terrible", and it's for a reason. If you search for meaning in this class you can find it, and people are overly cruel. But that's because no one likes being talked down to while their time is being wasted. Lash is a bad teacher. The content is whatever," but he presents it horribly. Replace him.""
""Lash definitely isn't everyone's cup of tea"," but not terrible. Rally cares about the subject he is teaching and believes it's all valuable info (and some of it actually is!). Some of what he teaches about the Bible """"storing up treasures in heaven"""" is questionable in the beginning but that's my opinion. Show up", do the test reviews," and you'll be ok""
""Ehh", he isn't horrible. He just has a VERY strange doctrine, and grades just as strangely. Doesn't really seem open minded either. Its a shame too, this class feels so detached from what you're doing for the scholarship. I feel like I'm in an echo chamber by saying this," but his teaching and the class is blah. Feels like too much work for 0 credits""
""Oh my gosh. No. Sorry CLS students having to take this by him. It isn't the hardest thing ever but it really really sucks.""
""I didn't mind taking Professor Lash's class but I will give a heads up", DO NOT TAKE HIS 8:30 IF YOU ARE NOT A MORNING PERSON," just because the class itself is a full on lecture class and I promise you will fall asleep. Although class sizes are bigger for DBU he does take attendance every day.""
""He is an awful professor", people are saying he isn't that bad," but he will fail you just for disagreeing with him on topics. He teaches from the book he wrote like it is from the Bible. Would not take this class.""
""Lash really isn't as bad as the reviews made him seem. He does say some things that are questionable", and his lectures can feel long and boring. Tests are pretty easy if you study/do the review (the test is literally the review). Homework is pretty easy, just annoying to do. Overall," not bad. Have an open mind.""
""Jamie Lash has amazing lectures and every time we have class I come out with a new prospective. If you battle anxiety he has plenty of lessons on overcoming it. His stories are plentiful and I have gained so much insight from him. If you want to spiritually grow"," he is the person to listen to.""
""Jamie Lash is a big joke around DBU", but I think that is horrible and un-christlike. He may teach a few things that I did not agree with," but I could see where he was coming from. A lot of things people say are just them misconstruing what he has said. Please be open-minded and form your own opinions. He is a person and deserves respect. :)""
""This professor has some very small nuggets of wisdom that can be drawn from the class. However", you will soon realize his biblical hermeneutic skills are lacking. His claims about the story of Jacob and Esau, the cure for anxiety and depression, and numerous other issues are misplaced and almost offensive at times,"not to mention his grading is yuck""
""It's only the first day and he knew my name when I left the room without me even introducing myself. Good luck.""
""You have to take this class so go to every one & pay attention or you wont do a good job on tests! He puts questions on there that wasnt even on the review bc theyre in lectures. Go to every review class he has! Its very helpful! Do all the homework & study"," youll be fine!""
""He is not a terrible person as other reviews may make him seem", but the class was not enjoyable for me. You are only allowed to miss 6 classes I think," and I skipped them all LOL. It's just boring and was not helpful personally in developing into a Christian leader more than I was before the class. Tests are easy if you memorize the study guide.""
""Jamie Lash is a very interesting professor"," but he teaches some questionable material. Seems to get defensive very easily if someone questions his beliefs. Do the assignments and get the answers for the exam study guides on quizlet. Study the study guide for an easy A.""
""Lash taught out of a book that he wrote. There were some questionable things he taught that was not biblical that he stood on. I did all the work and if it was not the answer he wanted"," you would not get an on the assignment. I felt like a robot that just said what he wanted to hear so could get a grade. That is not what college should be about.""
""Good guy", makes lectures interesting but they can get confusing so you need to pay attention. Tests come straight off the homework," as long as you take a look at the assignments before the test you'll have no problem. Highly recommend.""
""John Swain gets it.  He presents physics in a fun", upbeat way that makes non-physics college students enjoy it.  He's a character and he's lectures are entertaining.  If you try a little bit you'll get an A.  I appreciate physics more bc he didn't shove it down my throat," he made it fun.  ""
""Really great instructor. If you study from the problem sets and take good notes you are sure to pass.""
""Great Professor: kind", understanding," need to know the basics but no trick questions. Makes the material easy to understand. Very fair and promotes real life work like collaboration ""
""My favorite professor I've had so far! He had such enthusiasm and made a lot of things that could have been boring very interesting. He could be a bit confusing at times", but always went back to go over things we weren't clear on. His exams were very fair and easy as long as you study from the problem sets he provided. Awesome guy," learned a lot.""
""Professor Swain is the best teacher I've had at Northeastern. Ridiculously knowledgeable", hilarious, and very helpful. Lectures go off on tangents but they are always interesting," and if you don't understand something in the lecture he will gladly meet you anytime to help you. Loves the subject and genuinely wants his students to learn and do well.""
""A really fantastic person who wants his students to not only do well but also enjoy the subject matter. caution: he mixes a very divergent mindset with occasional convergence to the main ideas and some analysis. If you haven't learned where to pay attention and take notes"," you will only be catching about half of the information presented in class.""
""fun guy", class easy to get through," very smart but terrible class if you want to learn physics-had to have someone else teach me the material-he says dont worry about your grade he'll curve but his curve brought my grade down so be careful""
""Very entertaining professor. He tells great stories and keeps you awake in class for the most part. Unfortunately"," his teaching method is not all that effective and the tests can be hard if you didnt understand the material. Gives very generous curves tho.""
""Halarious guy", it's more of a physics class than astronomy though, His tests are kinda hard, he says he tries to make them easy, but he's kinda off the deep end, He means well and wil help you, and i only went to class like 6 times all semester and did well," plus he's the most entertaining person in the world.""
""He's zany and spontaneous", like a mad scientist, and usually has good stories, so it's fun to watch. He's not an effective teacher, unfortunately. His lectures are very hard to follow. The tests are pretty tricky," but he gives you a very generous curve. Do not take this course if you want to actually LEARN physics.""
""He is a nice guy and pretty strange. He says that he doesn't try to trick you but then has tests with a bunch of tricky questions. He wasn't there for either of the review sessions and I felt really unprepared for the tests. Still", a really easy class that you don't really have to go to," and believe me a lot of people skip.""
""Swain is AMAZING.  he's energetic", fun, and knows what he's talking about.  He's a great teacher, doesn't use notes, tells funny/interesting stories, and you'd have to be a total sped to fail the class.  no homework. attendence isn't manditory," and he gives you take home final/midterms.""
""He is INSANE (but in a good way)...take his class if you like to laugh.  He throws chalk", electrocutes himself, ad does lots of other crazy things.  He makes class interesting (though he doesn't talk about much astronomy...it's mostly physics).  He doesn't make us do calculations though.  Also," he stops teaching after about 45 minutes of class time""
""Astronomy.  Great lecture class.  Everyone shows up to class every day because he's such a good teacher.  4 multiple choice tests and throws away the worst.  It is very hard to dose off in this class.  He has so much energy", tells great stories relating to the class," and does fun experiments and stuff.""
""great prof.way entertaining & really wants u to understand physics from a different perspective than you've probably ever been taught before. he goes a little slow but asks for class feedback on how """"slow"""" he's going.. ppl just let him continue for the most part. he is probably one of the smartest guys ive ever but most impt he wants u to do well.""
""Haha great guy", it prob **** for class every day, wears black shirts every day cuz he knows hes going to spill coffee on it and doesnt want it to be noticable. Not a particularly great teacher, kinda confusing," but he really wants everyone to do well so he scales everything and basically gives points away.""
""Great elective", easy class, great teacher," dont even need the book""
""Swain is a great professor. While the subject was boring"," his off-topic ramblings were great. His classes are definately worth taking.""
""Great teacher. Gets a little side tracked and takes a little time to get used to. You are guaranteed a good laugh every class. Class was definitely worth going to.""
""Class was extremely boring and she gets specific on her tests when there is a lot of information. I took it over winter session and found it harder than what people led it on to be.""
""If you do any mass comm  research"," you'll find her name everywhere. She knows her stuff and is so nice and helpful. her media message analysis class is easy and interesting. another cool comm professor""
""Nancy is the most lovable and kindhearted professor in the Comm department!""
""take research with her winter session if you need it for Comm. total easy A""
""I don't understand why she has such bad ratings. I just finished taking research methods with her over winter sesh and easily got an A. the tests are crystal clear and follow the notes/book exactly. I recommend taking research methods over winter session with her for  any CommI major. Shes also a nice person and willing to answer any questions""
""I took her online class COMM251 """"communicating effectively""""... easiest online class I've ever taken! it only took me one day to go through the online required readings/assignments
""Not the best I've ever had", I'll say this much: If your complaint is that you couldn't squeeze a C+ out of her instead of a C," you've got bigger problems in college than this professor.""
""Excellent Prof"," Had her for Media Message Analysis AND Research Methods in 2003-04. She is tough and she knows her stuff-and expects you to take part in your learning (no spoon feeding).  I'm a grad student now and I owe alot of my success NOW to the level of work I put into her classes THEN.  Serious Comm majors will benefit from her classes.""
""zzz...what"," did i just sleep through the class? dont try to make it through an hour 15 with this prof. Not unbelieveable hard and actually quite accomplished in the field but it wouldnt seem like it. Pray for the days when she plays videos to avoid her lectures. also i dont care about your dogs lady!""
""this class isnt hard", it just goes by slowly. Some of the material is kinda interesting but overall its boring. Shes a nice lady but she reads straight from the notes," so if you miss class you wont miss much.""
""Avoid at all costs. She reads the slides she projects word for word. Don't count on her to explain/clarify anything. She'll just repeat the same thing again"," using the term/word you're unsure of in the definition. Be prepared to teach yourself. Its time for her to retire because she obviously puts no effort into teaching nor cares about students.""
""No Comments""
""Class wasn't at all what I thought it was going to be but it isn't bad.  The whole class is based around a content analysis.  If you are interested in research"," this is the class for you.  She was very helpful with the whole thing.""
""Oh Signorielli...I didn't go to class because she read from powerpoint that I had bought that she publishes.  She literally reads it from the slide.  Just read her notes", skim the book, don't ask questions," but try to avoid her.""
""Children & the Mass Media was interesting and pretty easy.  She always answered all our questions and wanted our input.  I think she is a good professor.""
""Terrible.  Like the most of the Comm classes they take easy information and try to make it more complicated to justify their jobs.  Tons of worthless information and boring stories about her family"," what a zero she is""
""This class was soooo boring it convinced me that I had ADD. If you want to hear about her husband", children, and boring life," take this class. If you want to learn things about communication take someone elses class.""
""Class is extreamly hard.  Way to much information to comprehend and understand for the tests.  One of the most boring classes that I have had in my entire life and it sucks that you have to take it to become a comm major!  Good luck to everyone that has not taken it yet!!""
""She is terrible.  As boring as a twig and she talks about that stupid ham radio her husband has every day.  Never take her for anything.""
""She does nothing to make this class interesting. Her lectures come stright from the book and are so boring.  Her test questions sometimes contradict what she said in her lecture.  Overall I did not think she was a good professor at all.""
""She is so sweet. Take her.13 maybe 14 quizzes and she drops the lowest 3 or 4.Two test and a final.3 papers. Just read the required readings and and you will get an A.""
""Dr. Frederick's class reminded me of pleasant story times when I was younger. Be prepared to read and to be quizzed on your readings. (Spark notes helped me  when I was feeling lazy). The books chosen were great and the essay topics were worth writing on. I highly recommend her class to any English majors.""
""She's a sweetheart and knows her stuff. But be ready to READ! Her 3 exams aren't too bad"," just do the reading.""
""If it goes on the board it goes on the test.  Expect to do a lot of reading.  You have to work in this class", but she is very sweet and can be forgiving if you do.  If you don't do the reading her tests/quizzes will consume your soul. She is old fashioned," but that's not surprising considering she may have dated Thoreau in high school. I loved her.""
""Absolute sweetheart! She really loves/cares about her students", and knows why literature is important.  Two 10 page papers, a midterm, and a final.  Good reading, she connects it with your life and past historical events. GREAT ENGLISH TEACHER," and GREAT PROFESSOR OVERALL.  I LOVE HER!""
""Good prof", a lot of reading that can it very tedidious, but that's a english class for you...she makes it fun though, and really tries to give you a good grade fairly...i love her to death, somedays the class gets on my nerves, but then again," we all have those days""
""SO MUCH READING. The text book has Bible-thin pages", so reading takes forever. Don't read in bed
""I've taken classes with Prof. Frederick twice already and would definitely take a class with her again.  She is very knowledgeable and is very passionate about what she teaches.  I don't know if I would have enjoyed Moby Dick as much without her enthusiasm and passion.  She is helpful", sweet," and funny.  A great teacher and a nice person.""
""I love her.  She is always willing to help and can be very witty and clever in class.  She is my favorite professor because of her kindness and caring nature.  There were two 10 page papers", two tests," and about 15 reading quizzes for the semester.  Ask her for help on the papers and just do your reading for the tests/quizzes -you'll be fine!""
""It's an alright class depending on how into early american literature you are. It is too much work for a gened though. On average an hour and a half of reading and half an hour for a lit response. As long as you do everything you'll get  a decent grade though.""
""Fairly easy grader", does not give extensions but will work with you individually if you come to her office hours before something is due.  Lectures are usually pretty boring and she sometimes assigns a lot of reading (there were a few nights we had to read over 100 pages, but the average was around 40-50 a night)," but she is a very nice lady!""
""LOVE this lady", she's so nice and helpful. Her lectures are interesting - she really knows what she's talking about. There is a lot of reading, but it pays off. Exams aren't cumulative," and she gives you a lot of time/help on the papers. She's awesome.""
""adorable"," and knows her stuff too. She helped me so much with my writing ability taking a lot of one-on-one time to read over what i had written. definatly take her if you love to read and want to improve your writing""
""Unwieldy amount of reading if you have a lot of other classes to read for...  nice"," but very dry lectures.  Attendance policy.""
""No Comments""
""First of all", the reading isn't that much at all. She's very intelligent and really knows her stuff. yes there is nightly reading--but it's a literature class!! people who complain about it are just lazy," she's an awesome teacher!""
""she was adorable. had her 10 years ago", pretty good class," she once said """"i am not trying to diss you guys"," but the test is postponed until next week"""" it was funny","y ou had to be there""
""Dr. Frederick is very nice and she knows a lot about American Literature.  However", she assigns a ton of reading and there are one or two quizzes on the reading every week.  2 eight page papers (one research) and 2 exams.  Her lectures can get somewhat boring," but she tries hard to make things fun""
""Nice lady", but class lectures are boring.  There is lots of reading, and several pop quizzes, but as long as you skim," you'll do fine.  3 tests and 3 papers.  You can get an easy B without too much effort.""
""I also had her for Eng. 247. Assigns LOTS of reading. However"," if you keep up with the readings the tests are easy (I never studied for her tests and got A's). Lectures on a lot of background information instead of analyzation of the literature. Overall nice lady""
""Dr Johnson is amazing. I know way more about CS Lewis than I ever wanted but he made the class as easy as possible. Reading quiz every class but they're easy questions and you grade it yourself
""Johnson is the sweetest! He really cares about his students", whether that means success in his class or outside it. Some people in my class complained that they couldn't follow what he was saying," but they can't expect to vibe well with every professor they meet. Johnson really does his best to make grammar as easy to digest as possible! Take him!!""
""a great professor who genuinely cares about his students and trusts them. he is a personable guy and respects everyone's opinions. attendance isn't taken but there are quizzes each class. even though I was allowed two skips I didn't take any because I actually wanted to be in class.""
""I really liked Dr. Johnson! He chooses interesting pieces for reading material", and you have discussions in class. There were 3 papers and a midterm and final, and quizzes almost every class. It may sound daunting," but it really isn't once you get into the swing of things! I would definitely take this class again!""
""Professor Johnson is like if a smile was a person. I'm not a massive fan of grammar", but he made it fun, useful," and easy. I love this man with my entire soul""
""He is the sweetest. He really wants to help you. He teaches at the pace the class can handle which I really appreciated. If we were not ready to be quizzed on a topic", he would wait until he felt like we were ready. You have to do the homework and put in the effort. If you want to do the minimal amount of work," this is not the class for you.""
""He gives at least 1-2 quizzes per class and then you switch quizzes with a partner and grade them. And then"," he goes down the attendance list and everyone reads their grade-not good. and this happens-every single class.""
""Johnson is really cool. I had my doubts about this class but he makes it a lot of fun. Expect lots of class discussions with very few actual lectures. There are three papers", a midterm, a final," and some quizzes spread throughout the semester. The papers aren't that hard and he gives you clear instructions. Would take again.""
""Johnson is the man! Love his class. His is so nice and super helpful when it comes to giving feedback. He wants you to be successful & states exactly what he expects from you. lets you venture your own path when it comes to the writing assignments (theres 3). There are daily quizzes in this class but if you do the readings"," they arent hard at all.""
""Definitely suggest taking him. Interesting readings", great lectures, funny guy. He can be a bit of a tough grader on papers, but it will only make you better, and he's totally willing to work with you. Great class," awesome professor!""
""One of the sweetest professors. I took his 299 class last year and am currently enrolled in his Grammar 309 course this semester. He's not the easiest professor", he expects a lot of self-learning out of his students and quizzes heavily. Although," he is incredibly flexible and willing to help through office hours! Highly recommended! ""
""Bruce is amazing! I took his Eng 299 class and loved it. He makes a lot of quizzes and his answers are pretty specific", so make sure to read. Before a paper is due," go to his office hours. He is really helpful and it will likely boost your grade for the paper. Several opportunities for extra credit. ""
""I LOVE BRUCE.  Such a cool guy and one of the BEST english profs I have ever had.  I read the assinged books and worked hard on the papers but i loved it!  I had more fun and learned more in his class than several classes combined.  TAKE Bruce but be prepared to write thorogh papers""
""I LOVE BRUCE! He's a really funny and just nice guy.  Super helpful and always willing to answer questions (even if that means going way off-topic).  I'm definitely going to take him again.  Work load isn't too bad as long as you keep up with the readings for the mini quizzes in class.""
""Johnson is really intelligent and interesting. I really enjoyed this class even though"," i'm usually more of a science person. TAKE HIM! He really isn't that bad. The only reason I got a very high B is because I screwed up the midterm b/c of mono. One of the best profs at JMU i've had so far.""
""Very nice man. Most of the class time consisted of discussions about the material read the night before. He will call on random people to participate in the discussions. His tests are hard but the papers were not too bad (you have 3 of them). Lectures can be confusing and hard to follow but otherwise good professor""
""Can't say enough good things about him. Interesting reading material", interesting discussion, & he is very knowledgeable but not unapproachable at all. When you turn in final drafts of papers he lets you get peer edits & then change things on the paper you turn in at the last minute," it's very helpful. You will learn a lot & feel motivated by him.""
""Bruce Johnson is the best teacher I have ever had. He really wants you to do well in the class. Go to class every day because there are daily quizzes on the readings assigned. There are 3 papers which are definitely challenging so don't leave them until the last minute. Great class"," Johnson is funny and knows what hes talking about.""
""This has been my favorite professor so far at JMU. Really nice and cool guy. It does require reading almost every night and small quizzes on the reading that are graded by ur classmates. If you are willing to do the reading"," you can come out with an A in this class.""
""The class was titled """"17th Century British Poetry"""" & should have been titled """"17th Century British History"""" Although he is a nice guy & a good teacher", he was not good at teaching this class. We rarely discussed the poems and the paper assignments were unreasonable and vague. My advice," take Johnson but a different class that he teaches.""
""This is the only class where I've sat down and actually put work into an assignment and still gotten a 0 on it. Lectures & labs are a waste of time but are mandatory. He goes on lecture long tangents about applications"," but when it comes to the problems you'll be tested on he just says """"it's a very simple equation"," very easy to solve"""" then goes on""
""Worst professor ever. Not approachable. Condescending.""
""This class was extremely difficult.  I never skipped class", but I still felt as though I was missing something no matter how hard I studied.  Nothing made sense.  He's a really nice guy and curves generously," and he gives extra credit for coming to class and turning in a minute paper.  He encourages people to go to office hours too.""
""Lecture left me more confused"," so I stopped going. The discussion TA was EXTREMELY helpful and the weekly quizzes & review sessions he gave before exams were the only good part. Webassign was used for hw. Lab never took the full time and we even wrote up the report every week and turned it in before leaving. Beware of the final
""Put simply"," some will like him and some wont""
""Very strict on grading. Barely any partial credit"," practically 0. Attendance is mandatory and labs are annoying. Quizzes are an essential to study for because if you dont study you will get a 0. Exams are hard and many people will fail the class. Final exam was impossible. Although there is a slight change in the grading scale.""
""Lecture is completely useless", slides make no sense the first time you see them, and it doesn't help that he blazes through them. Labs are idiotic, and don't help you learn anything, and the text sucks. You'll fail a quiz or two but whatever, everyone does. Discussion was surprisingly helpful. Overall though the class was horrible," as was Xiao.""
""Dr. Xiao was a very good professor. It was not an extrememly easy course but it also wasn't particularlu time consuming. THe most time I put into the course was studying for exams. The exams are very close to the practice exams and often contain some of the same questions. All of his notes are online and he is very approachable. Take him!""
""This class will come sneak up on you and bite you. It's easy to blow it off but don't because you will be sorry. Many of my friends got D's and F's.""
""i loved his accent"," especially when he said """"lotate countacrockwise.""""  he's a fairly decent teacher and can be sort of confusing with his accent"," but he's always willing to help out.  just don't slack off in that class and you'll get an A.""
""likes that he is very tall and chinese. interesting. tallest chinese man since yao ming. only posted one of my minute papers when every one was golden material. needs to work on that.""
""Does little examples in class.  Test are strait forward.  Is very funny""
""Great teacher. Makes physics doable. Slides and homework cover everything you could possibly need to know for the tests"," plus a very very slight curve at the end of the semester makes this a good class to take.""
""Watch out for the clips!""
""What the hell was he talking about?""
""huge curve on final and exams. very bad textbook""
""He was very vague and had no clue how to teach the material.""
""a good teacher. concerned with his students.""
""Extremely friednly and helpful. Every teacher should use minute papers too.""
""One of the best.  Highly recomended""
""On new graduate student orientation", professor McCoy as our chair gave an inspirational speech to welcome everyone. She has the vision of a real scientist, and her speech connects to my heart. I feel that I could be someone that really use my research to change the world. I want to thank her for extending my funding," a great caring professor.""
""Very good prof. Took 3 classes with her. Tends to give good grades if you give a decent effort. Some classes are focused very much around discussion instead of technical learning ... for better or worse.""
""While she is a very kind person", who genuinely does want to help," half the the time she seems like she has no idea what she is doing or talking about. We spend a lot of class time watching her try to figure out how her computer works. She constantly second guesses herself which leaves everyone very confused.""
""The class is basically based on the lab. Unfortunately the lectures sometimes don't cover lab material in time so you find yourself stuck sometimes. Office hours are going to have to be part of your schedule to pass. Oh"," and it's a problem when a computer science professor doesn't know how to hook a laptop up to a projector.""
""Just wants to help but was not very good at explaining herself. Her classes are behind the labs so you will show up to lab and just be sitting there clueless and the Lab TA's do not help at all. It's pretty bad because it could have been a great class if taught right.""
""Very good professor who really wants to help her students understand computer science. If you are having trouble understanding the material by all means"," go to office hours. She is extremely helpful and will help teach you through the labs explaining the concepts necessary to complete them.""
""She is a very nice woman who definitely means well but most of the time she seems really confused. She spends too much class time going over old material and barely addresses new material that we need to know for labs. We didn't learn Java but were thrown into a java lab. i recommend taking another professor.""
""She means well", but fails at every other aspect. She assumes the class understands what's going on bc she really doesn't. She constantly is second guessing herself which doesn't help the class progress,"& she rarely covers a topic before the required lab because she spends too much time taking attendance or doing something wrong. Take w another prof""
""Very kind and personable professor. She did go a bit slow at times", and I was often ahead of her myself. But it's an intro. class so you can't expect anything else. If anything she's a great professor for true beginners. Exams are easy if you do the practice exams she puts up beforehand. The class itself(labs)is challenging," but in a good way.""
""I think she is a good teacher. The course itself is very hard", and it's not teacher's fault. overall," her exam is not hard and the lab score is base on the TA you choose.""
""SHe was very nice and very funny.  Class was easy at first", but got really hard really fast.  She was not helpful," was very bad at explaining things and gave really bad examples.  She did not teach us how to do the assignments for the required lab.  Took way too many hours a week and I was barely able to pass the class.""
""My favorite teacher in all my years at the University of Delaware. She made learning computer science fun.""
""She is the best teacher I ever had! I wish I could take her for all my classes.""
""Dr. McCoy is freaking clown shoes. Like Eli", she is the best mayne, she deed it. That means she's completely awful. She once did check-expects for 40 minutes until she realized she was doing it wrong and then proceeded to correct herself for another 10-15 minutes, and then for the remaining 20 taught the material she intended," poorly at that.""
""She is crazy! She is not teaching at all. She is just wasting students time in class and try to arrange extra classes. If you really wanna learn AI avoid her. Try to take from others.Thus I have seen worst TA in my college life.""
""Extremely nice", caring," compassionate professor.  Tests are appropriately difficult.  Not the easiest class but easy to do well if you study and give it the attention it deserves.""
""With any other professor", this class is tough. With her it was a lot easier. I ended up getting an A without much trouble," an impossible feat with other profs. Lectures were from PowerPoint. Homeworks weren't too bad. Tests were hard but not impossible.""
""Good teacher for a hard class. :)""
""No Comments""
""Very nice woman", extremely helpful if you go to her office hours," but scheme is a stupid language which makes this class boring and difficult. Very tough exams. Do good on your labs and projects and you'll be okay.""
""This class is awesome. As you put in effort and follow some of the easy recommendations in his syllabus. If you are taking this class for an easy A", that is a poor choice. This class is fun," if you put in the work.""
""Do not take"," this course is more work than it is worth.""
""Requires you to read an insane amount of books", requires you to go to office hours. He is very brief and vague about topics, but expects you to draw deep conclusions about them. Take this course if you are extremely interested, have an otherwise light class-load," and are ok with prioritizing it over your other classes. TLDR
""I took this class as a breadth requirement"," thinking it sounded interesting. I strongly don't recommend you take this class if that is your case! You are expected to have a DEEP understanding to even get a B. Only take if you are an Indian Philosophy die-hard. He's nice and insightful but too much prior knowledge is expected for an """"intro"""" course.""
""High standards HQ. He wants original analysis and emphasizes using your own understanding of the material", and then justifying it with proof from the readings. He grades on quality of argument - you won't get an A by being a parrot. If you want a professor that will blow your mind and change the way you look at things," take Fox's classes.""
""I LOVE ALAN FOX. He quickly became my favorite professor that I've had so far. If you are interested in the subject", take this class! He makes the class so interesting and time flies in his lectures. He is very clear about what he expects from his students so as long as you listen to him," you'll do fine in the class. He is also so caring! 10/10 :)""
""I dont know what he wanted in his papers and I dont think he did either. He was incredibly vague with little to no feedback on everything. He doesnt seem to want analysis in essays"," but is unclear on what he DOES want. Im taking this class online now because of corona and he clearly doesnt know what hes doing in the online world.""
""This class was super fascinating and Dr. Fox is very knowledgable and makes the class very interesting. He talks without bias and explains abstract concepts simply. That being said"," this class is also very difficult. The exams are very difficult worth so much of your grade and he assigns so many readings. You need to put in the work to get an A.""
""Im taking his class in Buddhist Philosophy and Ancient Chinese religion & Philosophy. Class is made up of 8 homework essay assignments and a midterm essay and final essay. Very good in lecture he has a lot of energy and explains complex subjects with ease. If you are interested in the subject he is teaching take the class!""
""I took his colloquium", 'Gods and Superheroes'. This class wasn't too hard," I didn't read any of the material but you are graded on 3 papers and class participation. His grading style is unclear and there is no feedback on the papers. Very difficult to follow if you don't know psychology and have a vast knowledge of superheroes.""
""Professor Fox simply wants you to regurgitate his exact thoughts in papers and exams", and even if you do this he will take points off arbitrarily. He will completely stop reading your paper if he disagrees with something," even if you disprove it two sentences later. Doing everything in your power to do well will be fruitless unless you ARE him.""
""Dr. Fox is funny and insightful. He shares his own ideas and experiences", but wants students to develop their own views and welcomes thoughtful disagreement. He makes an effort to learn everybody's name, and participation and discussion are important. The class I took was his Honors capstone
""Dr. Fox is an inspiring professor. His lectures are amazing and really get you to consider world religions from a critical perspective. His grading style is difficult. He expects you to account for every nuance of your argument. 1 Midterm 1 Final all Blue Book and 8 mini essays. Even still"," I would still consider taking another one of his classes.""
""Do not take a class with this man. His tests are awful"," your entire grade is basically 2 tests. He expects you to make miraculous conclusions from lectures that seem to be almost no help in forming arguments. The books don't help either and often left me more confused.""
""Professor Fox is amazing. I took this class with him and ended up taking 3 more. He is a great lecturer and is more than willing to go over  difficult concepts with you out of class. There is a fair amount of reading but usually interesting content. The tests are difficult so study early! Easy to get a B but hard to get an A""
""This class WILL hurt your GPA if you aren't already extremely savvy on Philosophy. Not worth it if you are looking for a Breadth A requirement. Go with THEA instead. He will not """"mark up"""" your test so you have NO idea HOW you got the grade you did. He just circles a #. That said"," the lectures were interesting and going to class was always fun.""
""One of the most amazing professors and interesting subjects"," but hard class. The material was very difficult to keep up with and he expects a lot from everyone in class and in the papers (8 mini) and exams (2 all essay exams). Very tough grader. Expect to work hard. MUST BE A GOOD WRITER. Worth taking but could hurt your Gpa. Take with caution.""
""I like Alan Fox as a person. He's very cool and lectures are interesting and I feel that I've learned a lot. The material can be difficult to understand and when I have gone to him for clarification he doesn't really clear it up", more questions why I don't get it. The midterm was three essays, kinda hard. Interesting subject," hard class. ""
""Dr. Fox is a great professor who clearly shows interest in not only the topics he teaches but his students as well. My only problem is that", in a World Religions class, I would expect material to be equally covered. When we got to Christianity," Dr. Fox didn't even talk about the core and essence of what Christians believe. I was disappointed.""
""I took this class during the second summer session"," and learning from him really shaped part of my current worldview.""
""He is very unorganized but he focuses on the grammar and making sure you understand how to use each word and conjugation properly. You do get graded on your attendance but if you still turn in your work and show an understanding of the material he will cut you some slack. He gives you until the end of the semester to make up any written or online.""
""Professor Bellamy is not a good professor at all. His grading system consists of a homework grade and a test grade", and whichever is lower is your average. 2 of the tests are kind of easy," but one is very hard and it will ruin your average. He is also not good at explaining anything.""
""Professor Bellamy is not as bad as he seems the first week of class. He doesn't have a Sakai or Canvas page so you must keep track of your grades yourself", but he is a great professor. Homework is hard, but you do not have to complete all of them to get an A. Exams are the easiest part of the class," which is a nice change of pace for a math class.""
""This class is really dumb and easy. The grading system seems hard but he is very generous with points. Half the class didn't take the final because he said it couldn't hurt your grade and we already had A's.""
""At first", Bellamy seems awful. Discrete is a pretty tough subject and he is unorganized as can be. He writes out long boring proofs that you can pretty much space out and ignore a lot of the time. However, even though his grading scales seem super weird," if you put in a decent amount of effort in it is actually fairly easy to get an A. ""
""His lectures are so frustrating: he just stands at the board and rambles on without actually checking if you understand it or not.  He gives a normal amount of homework which are pretty hard"," but the test questions are always easier than the homework.  You have to put in a lot of individual effort in order to do well.""
""150 points is an A and you get points for asking questions", going to class," and doing proofs. If you put the work in you'll get an A.""
""He uses a point-based grading system for all of his classes", so if you put the work in early," you don't have to take the final or show up for the last few weeks of class. Get up to the board to do some proofs as soon as possible.""
""The class is not tough like people talked about", but this professor is not good one to take. In the class," he just follow his thoughts to talk in spite of whether students can follow or not. handwriting is confusing.""
""I took him when i had no other options. He's the easiest of the professors", just the class material is somewhat confusing. His grading system is weird but makes it easy. His Exams are easier than homeworks by far," and you can study with friends for the homework. Would recommend him.""
""I think Bellamy is great. You don't have a textbook in this class. I love the way he grades his students. Basically if you work hard enough you will get an A in the class", and it doesn't matter how you do on exams. He's a nice guy," terrible with names. Still doesn't know mine. Taking him again next semester.""
""I'm taking this class now", and it's most likely the most difficult class I have ever taken. Don't expect to learn too much from the lectures as the notation can be quite confusing. If you don't understand one little detail," it's unlikely you'll be able to fully comprehend the proof or theorem he's writing on the board. READ the text and do the HW.""
""Bellamy is one of the worst professors I've ever had.  He really doesnt care if you understand the material or if you pass the class.  He tells you to ask questions but then makes you feel stupid for asking that question.  Seriously"," dont take him unless you want to fail""
""He isn't always the most clear and doesn't necessarily get up to teach this course. He makes you learn proofs by presenting them. Its pretty easy to rack up points and he has a unique grading scale that pretty much gaurentees you to pass if you come to class""
""You should avoid Bellamy..Not a good professor at all. Tests are very hard"," and he doesn't care about his students' grades at all. AVOID""
""he's not exactly a good professor. If you have to take him", don't sweat it but I wouldn't choose to have him. Nobody really knows what he's talking about, but he usually gives an overall feeling of what the exams look like. Grade is based on the lower of your test grade and hw grade," so it's important that you do your hw. Not impossible to get A/B""
""Easy class if you've already taken calculus. If you haven't", you're going to have to study a lot. He teaches through sample problems, then assigns very similar ones for homework. Tests are pretty easy, he gives 5 questions on each test where each problem is worth 25 points but the test is graded out of 100 points. Overall," easy class.""
""The teacher is nice. Grading system is great. It is easy to get a good grade if you work hard. Calculus teacher can not teach you every single algebra. This teacher can give students a good start. You need to work on them after class. He does not care about the antecedence and texting during class. Just a little homework will be provided.""
""A great professor.  A litter home+not required participation. It's easy to gain A. I got 100+ in all three exams.""
""He is a very good professor. I can get a pretty good grade on his exam. He just give a little homework a week and no on-line homework.""
""Lectures go in circles and powerpoints are just pictures from the textbook. You dont have to go to class unless its a PBL day (which she says in advance). If your PBLs are extremely detailed", you will do well. Tests are MC& very hard. I didnt go to class,"but studied for hours&read the book and got an A. She has a hugeee curve at the end (84 & upA)""
""This was one of the worst classes I have ever taken.  The powerpoints were unclear", and she talked in circles the whole time.  She gave maybe 30 seconds to write down all of the information on a slide," which never made sense anyway.  It's better to just skip class and watch Khan Academy videos and then rely on the curve for your final grade.""
""She was not a great professor. She was very hard to understand and her tests are nearly impossible. Most of us got Ds and Fs on the tests"," but she adds a huge curve at the end of the semester.. Group projects and lab will bring your grade up. Don't buy the textbook. Good luck!!""
""Lectures are scattered and very confusing- sometimes she throws in unnecessary details. Use the textbook and her PPTs on sakai for clarity. Despite her confusing lectures she is such a nice lady and is willing to help her students as long as they ask. Go to her office hours if you're confused about a topic and she will likely help you!""
""I really liked Dr. Schmieg as a person"," she was really nice but a confusing professor. Although her tests are hard everything is curved and the labs really helped with grades so don't worry! Taking ap bio in high school was a big help.  The textbook helped me a lot. ""
""You could study for 30 hours for Florence's exams and still only get a 44. But don't worry", group PBL's and Bio Lab and her curve will boost your grade to at least a C! Don't bother showing up, getting the textbook," or even studying for that matter.""
""The class is all memorization", and not nearly as difficult as everyone makes it seem. If you have background in bio already, then it will be a piece of cake. Otherwise, if you just skim the chapters the night before the exams, then you can get an A pretty easily with minimal effort. 84 and up was an A. Not the best prof," but it's an intro course""
""Hard class but if you took AP Bio you are set. Be prepared to teach yourself after each lecture. You  have to knit together bits and pieces of her lecture and make connections she doesn't point out in class.  Tests were easy for me but very hard for others. She gives practice tests but you really need to understand the material thoroughly. ""
""Her lectures are incredibly confusing. It is sometimes more beneficial to read the book alongside the powerpoint than to try to understand her confusing lectures. If you try to follow along to her lectures", be sure to bring your laptop," or you'll oftentimes be scrambling to write a full slide of notes in 20 seconds.""
""Worst class I ever took. Tests are impossible", lectures are confusing and put you to sleep. She is extremely unclear on her PBL assignments and just excepts the students to read her mind. Never done as bad in a course in my life as I did in her bio 205," and I am a health science major.""
""Lectures basically consist of going through the figures from the book and having her explain it to the best of her ability.  To prepare for tests you have to read through the book and memorize every part of every slide.  If you can do that you will do well... its not easy. Final Group project helps bring grade up by a bit since she grades it easily""
""Doesn't know what she's talking about", doesn't help students at all in class. When questions are asked," she rarely responds without a question as an answer. She steals her powerpoints from the book and claims that her slides are better than the book. ""
""Dr. Schmieg is a nice lady", but she is really boring. She sounds very monotone and everything she teaches is directly from the textbook. She also has a really good curve which helped boost my grade. If you want to do well," read the textbook and try your best in lab (there's a lab final at the end of the semester).""
""She is terrible. her teaching style is very monotone"," she's probably the most boring person I've ever had to talk to. She's no where near helpful and has a really bad attitude. Her tests are impossible to pass with higher than a 69.""
""Absolutely terrible. I could've (and have) learned more from prudent use of wikipedia than from enduring this class. Obviously taught for pre-meds who live by rote memorization. She is not at all gracious when answering questions"," which really makes me question how competent she is to be teaching this material in the first place.""
""She is absolutely terrible. she talks in circles the entire class and her exams are impossible. the class average is usually a 58 and I would rather stay home and read through the book than go sit through class.""
""terrible teacher"," reads straight off of power points and isn't clear with information""
""Very bad professor. if you took AP Biology in high school you should be fine but if you didn't youre out of luck. She goes so fast and just reads off her power points. Tests very hard", 3 and a final(not cumulative). Relied on labs," group projects and the curve.""
""She really knows her stuff but she is not clear at all. If you do attend class"," bring your computer to take notes and just listen to what she says. She bounces around slides a lot but atleast she uses pictures. She has a huge curve cause she doesn't want us to fail. Make sure you get all the easy points you can! She's nice but unorganized.""
""If you took AP Bio", you have a good chance. If you didn't, at least she has a really good curve. Going to lectures is not needed. Just study from the book, use the online site for practice. If you fail, don't worry," everyone does.""
""Four 4-5 page reflection papers", two all written exams, one group speech project and one final take home 10-12 page essay. There's a fair amount of writing in the class, but it isn't terrible because he's not a super tough grader. You have to put in work in the class, but show an interest," work hard and you can get an A.""
""The whole class is Dr. Carrion reading off of slides that are word for word from the textbook. The TA was super unhelpful and could not correctly answer questions with problems in lab. The lab portion was a waste of time"," only one or two concepts from lab was applicable for the final paper.""
""Dr. Carrion is amazing. He is so funny", passionate and knowledgeable about everything. It's really important to do the readings in order to do well on the exams," but I sort of did them and pulled off a B+. His class wasn't a joke but it was really interesting and enjoyable. I highly recommend him and this class!""
""Only took this class since it was required for all Political Science majors", but it has no actual politics discussed. He gives weekly hw assignments and three or four tests," all written no multiple choice. Plus you have to learn to program SPSS and write a 14 page on it. Did not enjoy but got through it. Said he'd curve the class but never did...""
""Mi estimado Carrin", always be looking out for you. I love his class. I would definitely take his class if I could. Very clear: 4  short essays," 2 exams and 1 take home (12-15 page paper).""
""Highly recommended. Great professor who cares about his students. 2 exams", take home final, and 4 easy short response essays. There is a fair amount of reading and material," but it's straightforward.""
""Two exams and one final paper are all that is needed for this class. You can show up to class", but as long as you read the assigned papers a week before the exam," you should be fine in this class.""
""If he's as good at barbecue as his son is then this guy is legit!!!!!!! Also adorable!!!!""
""Excellent professor. Highly recommend his course. Very knowledgeable and friendly.""
""Two tests and a final paper. He gives out study guides for the tests", but not only a few days ahead of time," so there isn't much time to do them. He uses the same questions from the study guides on the tests. He seems to know everything about Latin America.  Would definitely recommend a class with him.""
""I love love love this class! Very interesting and engaging. Professor Carrion is challenging but casual and friendly. He is a very smart man and does an incredible job of explaining different topics. I do not have a single complaint about him or the class and I definitely would recommend him to other students.""
""How does he not have a chili pepper yet? He's so cute!""
""Great teacher.  Helpful""
""Great professor", very smart and incredibly helpful.  Fair grader," you will learn so much.""
""Write your opinion and views on the test.. understanding over memorizatiion""
""nicest guy ever. very funny/nerdy. go to class"," he's helpful and really sweet!""
""great teacher", always willing to help," funny and smart""
""Nice guy..funny..he goes over tests after TA grades and makes them better""
""Julio is THE MAN-study guides are right on target. hes so cute too!""
""Really nice guy! Enjoyable class but do not have to go most of the time""
""Absolutely awful professor. Lectures are so boring and have so much information in them. Exams are so much more confusing than the practice questions. The only grades for this class are 2 midterms and a final. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. trust me. avoid.""
""This guy sits in front of the class and lectures for an hour and 15 straight with no interaction with students"," expects you to know an insane amount of material that culminates to a midterm worth 33% and a final worth 67%. Had a B+ at the midterm and finished almost failing the class. What the hell""
""The book is useless", participation isn't mandatory, and he puts his slides online. The final is cumulative, and it absolutely sucks studying for. He's very knowledgeable but his lectures are boring, especially when nobody comes to class. Only 3 exams.. straight forward class, but very hard to get an A in. Take class if necessary," avoid if possible.""
""Nice guy who has straightforward expectations. Above all else"," study the outlines!""
""Class is a bit boring", which is ok with me. Don't let other comments saying that it's an extremely easy class fool you. You'll have to know your stuff pretty well. It's not just what I personally think, it's agreed among all of the classmates I know. Hard work won't be equal to A," but a HARD HARD WORK. I got an A by the way. And I learnt a lot.""
""The topics and information taught are interesting.  Tends to jump around a lot when he lectures.  Not very clear on what you need to know for the exams.  Exams do not assess what you learn in class and how much you study.  I would not recommend him.""
""Not a tremendously difficult class"," but not an easy A. Entire grade based on 2 exams and a cumulative final. Exams are multiple choice with a few short answer questions. Exams are somewhat difficult to study for because they cover a lot of material and it's not exactly clear what you will be tested on. Overall an OK class.""
""Three exams during the semester. Attendance isn't mandatory. Not a hard class but extremely boring. Doesn't do anything but lecture for 50 minutes"," absolutely no interaction with students.""
""Attendance not mandatory. Class boring. Textbook worthless.  Everything on tests from outlines. Its 25% for each test and 50% for the final. You can drop a test to shift the weights to 33% and 66%.  Tests were easy (almost identical to old tests) but final was difficult. Had A going into final"," finished w B. Didnt really study though""
""Not a hard class but it is extremely boring. All you need to know for the tests is the outlines he hands out and you will do fine.  Two tests and a final and if you need one of the exams will be dropped...VERY BORING THOUGH""
""WORST CLASS!!!! avoid teacher at all costs.......... u walk in class and he just starts talking for 50 min straight.  so boring and not one student spoke the entire semester.  2 midterms that are pointless bc the final is 66% of your grade which is a 20 chp cumulative final.  BULL!!!!""
""Boring class", in a nutshell there is a lot of bureaucracy and rent-seeking behavior in developing countries. Also, trade is good. You will be bombarded w/ articles and random clusters of information centered around these basic themes. Has very little to do w/ economics. Prof will send you into a comatose-like state w/ his rambling," avoid.""
""Easy. Great Professor. Extremely intelligent. Learned so much! one of the best classes at UD. go to class--the tests are all from lectures and almost nothing from the textbook and papers. if you take notes in class--its an easy A+. Wonderful class.""
""Ridiculous grading system", All around Awful class.  More notes and handouts than an entire volume of Encyclopedia Brittanica," which you will need to know for the final exam which is worth more than two thirds of your final grade (67%).""
""Just avoid him! He will burn you out. He is Jekyll and Hyde.  In class is he Mr. Happy go lucky.  After class it is a whole another story.  IS helpful as long as it is something small. You heard it here. Avoid", avoid, avoid, avoid," avoid!!! Terrible!""
""He talks way to fast.  He tries to fit like 2 lectures into one.  We do take other classes you know!. He is clueless and a must avoid!""
""I had lots of interest coming to this class", but this guy puts you to sleep really quickly (I mean the entire class).  His grading scale is ludacrious.   HE IS ALWAYS AVAILABLE, but I would not take another class with him," EVER HOPEFULLY!""
""Has been teaching the subject for a long time and really knows his stuff! Class can get a bit boring or repetitive at times"," especially if you've taken higher level econ courses like 340 but good overall. Exams were easy if you look over handouts he gives. Final is worth an absurd percentage of your grade so make sure you study well.""
""If you get past the accent", it's an interesting class.  He is very interested in what he teaches so he sometimes seems a little over enthusiastic.  Also the tests count for the whole grade but he gives outlines and handouts that say almost everything on them.  The tests are not incredibly easy," but not too hard either.  Good professor overall.""
""Easy. Do NOT buy the book", it's a waste of money. Go to class, pay attention," and supplement the notes he already gives out to you. Boring but easy.""
""in 2020 a time where many good professors struggled to successfully get their material across"," Prof. Link had no problem. I found that his lectures were fun and enjoyable to listen to. He explained the material in a way that made it easy to understand and easy to take notes on. The homework was helpful and was not just busywork""
""I took Charles Link for the Winter Session (5 weeks) as a breadth and he was great. His class was asynchronous so you should watch his lectures and he has a good organization for his exams. There are 4 exams the last one being cumulative. He offers a chance to bring your grade up through his system that can count your final heavier than usual.""
""Do not take this class online. Extremely lecture heavy and the way he lays out his modules is confusing. Videos are also reused from like 2015. You have no contact with him at all during the semester"," his TA is the one who hosts review sessions. Review sessions are also not helpful. May be better in person but online its very hard for a 101.""
""He would not email me back. In regards to one of the tests that I took", I emailed him the same thing THREE TIMES AND HE NEVER EMAILED me back even though he's responded to me before. He was lazy. He used lectures from FIVE YEARS AGO. He never explained that we needed to watch the lectures, which was difficult to follow," so I basically taught myself""
""Dr. Link conducted an asynchronous class in which you have to teach yourself the material. His exams were tough and nothing like the homework or problem sets. I would strongly recommend against taking his course because learning economics on your own isnt an easy task""
""This was an asynchronous online class", meaning I had 0 interaction with the professor throughout the year. Tests will introduce things completely new, like a graphing or chart function that was never used in the homework. You teach yourself this class, the professors only job is to send emails with tests tips," which are nice enough for me rate 2/5""
""I took it online and I understand why people might not like his class but I found his class easy. He only grades you on Asarta modulas (you can find the answers online) and the exams are kind of hard but he gives you practice exams"," I think it would be much harder in person. His grading system is weird but he will give you the best grade he can.""
""Link has one of the most unique teaching techniques I have ever seen. If you pay attention in class", go all of his reviewing sessions and read the materials he required in the syllabus, you will pass his class easily. Of course," this will take you a lot of outside class times. He has a lot of extra credit work that will turn your Fail to Pass.""
""He may be dry", but he tries to make the lectures interesting. He does a great job at working through various examples which makes concepts clear. While he makes you buy his course book, it is actually super helpful," and is the only thing you should need to use to study for exams.""
""DONT TAKE LINK. HES HORRIBLE. Very heavy grader and doesn't care about you at all. He should just retire soon. Problem sets are very hard and the tests are harder.""
""Link is a very nice guy who knows what he's talking about", but lectures can get boring. He makes his own textbook that goes along with the lectures which is very helpful. There are study sessions outside of class every week which are very helpful," and he offers extra credit. I would take him again if I had the chance.""
""honestly the hardest and worst class I have ever taken. Lectures are extremely boring and long. expect to stay in class the entire time because his lectures take up the entire class. Exams are extremely hard no matter how hard you study. I taught myself the class by watching the online videos provided by the textbook. Pick another proffesor""
""makes you buy a textbook he wrote but it is useful for his exams. he is well organized and everything you need to know is given to you. problem sets are a little tough but they help your grade so take them seriously. do the borderline insurance and read the textbook"," it will help a lot!!""
""Really boring lectures but gives you exactly what you need to know on the exams"," and all of his lectures are recorded. He has different grading options to make sure your overall grade is the best given your exam scores. He also puts a lot of helpful information on his canvas page""
""Link's lectures feel so long and don't stop talking the whole time. Makes you buy a $160 textbook that you take notes in which is a waste of money. Study sessions make 10x more sense than anything he taught.""
""This professor is probably easy", but he treats his class like hes dealing with freshmen in highschool. He spent an entire 75 minute lecture going over his syllabus, and couldn't finish. Profits off of his students by selling them overpriced course materials that he designed," and shows him spending these profits on vacation via a slideshow.""
""Link knows what he's talking about"," but presents it in a way that is challenging for first time econ students to understand. When students do ask questions his response causes more confusion and he becomes frustrated with the class. Link is honestly too smart to be teaching intro classes. Find another econ 101 professor.""
""His class was awesome. Very interesting. I did not have him as a freshman", but I did as a senior and from what I hear its a complete 180 in teaching tactics. He truly cares about his students," but wants you to figure stuff out yourself. He is very helpful in class though and his homework and notes are all on the test almost verbatim""
""Loved him. 3 grading options and he automatically picks the one that gives you the best grade at the end of the semester. He takes attendance 2 ways"," so you can't give people your clicker to skip & clicker Q's count for points. His test prep is great. If you put in the work it's very possible to get an A or B. His online homework is very helpful.""
""Lectures are very fast paced and a lot is covered each time. So dont skip class and pay attention. No papers", clickers used almost every class (there is a clicker grade), online homework plus problem sets to hand in approximately every other week," and four exams. Practice exams plus reviewing problem sets is all you need for the exams.""
""Took him for Europe in Crisis. Cool course that stimulated my interest in the subject and made me want to read more books about it in my free time. The term paper is tough while you're doing it so pick your topic early. He really appreciates when students participate in discussions and ask questions so it likely helps when he's grading your stuff.""
""Professor Brophy really cares about his students. If you ever email him", he will answer you right away and is very kind. Just be ready to read a lot and he is a tough grader. but if you meet beforehand," he takes that into consideration.""
""Brophy is a kind professor who clearly knows his subject. He did a good job with the online format even though it was clearly new to him. Very few assignments", mostly just lectures. The only issue with him is that he is a BRUTAL grader for his paper, however he is very willing to give extra time to help students improve," he wants you to succeed.""
""Amazing professor and amazing person. Would take a class again with him in a heartbeat. The kind of professor you wouldn't want to skip their class just because you wouldn't want to make them sad and you would want them to like you.""
""Dr. Brophy lecture's show how much he cares about the topic"," but they can be long. he does expect his students to read a lot and reflect on what they read in Friday discussions. there are 3-4 write requirements.""
""Amazing professor", really cares about the subject and the students. Knows a lot about what he's teaching. Don't text or use your phone in class," he will call you out on it.""
""I LOVE Dr. Brophy. He is by far one of the best professors in the history department. I have taken three classes with him and have loved every single one. He truly cares for his students and if you go to office hours he answers all your questions"," and then will talk about his time in Europe for the remaining time you are there.! Truly inspirational""
""I had him for History 102", when I used to be an IR major. Amazing teacher. He was so knowledgable, and made the content incredibly interesting. Definitely not an easy class," but your work will pay off. I wish their were more professors here at UD that were like him.""
""You better agree with him", if not prepare to be eaten alive. Defiantly would have been better in  more formal classroom not a Seminar on European nationalism, a truly ridiculous subject.  -Weekly Papers -Intensive examination of writing proses, grammar," and your inter being. -Not recommended Content is disgustingly boring""
""Brophy is a crack up and absolute history nerd. The guy is passionate and demands an incredible amount from his students. Do your readings", and do them religiously. He loves assigning reviews and demands clarity," so be ready for lots of underlining on your first papers. ""
""I loved this class"," Professor Brophy was amazing and so passionate. The readings aren't mandatory to pass but they are interesting. 3 exams and 1 paper. He gave us a list of terms to study for the exam but DON'T use wikipideia and you'll do fine. Take the class even if the topic doesn't interest you.""
""This guy is adorable. Class is organized and interesting", tests are easy enough, and the reading isn't too bad. If you're interested in the Holocaust, don't miss this class--but seriously," don't text in this class. It's disrespectful and he will call you out for it.""
""Best Professor I've ever had. Lectures are clear", concise, and fascinating. Brophy demonstrations lots of knowledge and passion in his field. He covers a lot of detail, but hey, that's how you learn! There are a lot of required readings," but most are interesting. He's not a hard grader to boot. Cannot recommend highly enough.""
""Brophy is so nice and helpful. He gives you a lot of information and is very knowledgable about the subject. Two papers and two exams that cover a lot of information.""
""Really nice guy. Super into what he's teaching and really knows a lot about it. Gives students the benefit of the doubt. Rarely came to class but still got an A- in the class. One midterm", group project, final paper," and a final. Lenient grader. Show up like once a week and you'll be fine.""
""A nice guy and very knowledgeable about the subject! But"," there are so many required readings for the course and he expects the required papers and tests to be extremely detailed! So if you have any classes other than this one do NOT take it.""
""Awesome professor", knows a lot about the topic and is always willing to help," tests are easy although doing the reading helps a lot. If you go to class and do most of the readings its an easy A""
""Definitely knows his subject matter but class is VERY slow. Covers the facts", figures, and names behind the Holocaust with little emphasis on the more interesting aspects. A lot of reading, manageable but a pain. Overall," not bad but could be way better.""
""Great teacher.  Cares very much about subject.  Class is great because if you also care about subject and work at it an A is guaranteed.  But even if you're not a History major he is approachable and very accomodating.  Loved every second of his class.  Appreciated class participation but attendance isnt mandatory.""
""Amazing professor", my favorite since I've been at UD. Exams are very challenging but if you attend class and study your notes you should do well. It is also really helpful to read the textbook and go to the online textbook. Brophy is so intelligent," I found his lectures to be so interesting. TAKE HIS CLASS!!""
""Awful at teaching"," doesn't explain anything. Starts every answer off with """"obviously..."""" and doesn't explain why it's so obvious. Thinks way too much of himself. If you can teach yourself from a textbook take it"," otherwise don't. Don't expect a change in grades either.""
""Brilliant professor who's occasionally pretty funny. HW is not graded but it is helpful  and going to class all the time isn't entirely necessary as long as you review the course notes and study the text. Let's you retake one of your exams but the class is not too difficult if you put the time into it and practice. Take logic with Boorse!""
""Terrible professor. He moves very quickly in class", just write stuff down and try to understand it later. The material itself is not too difficult, there's just a learning curve. Takes a while and some work to click, but once it does, you're golden. TA is very helpful. DO HOMEWORK! Not graded, but it helps you. Other than that," textbook is useless.""
""Boorse is pretty awesome. I'm taking his class now and loving it. He likes what he does and he's pretty funny (he cracks himself up). If you go at least to the last few classes before an exam you should be fine. He goes over everything and gives practice tests. 3 tests and homework.""
""Dr. Boorse's advanced logic seminars are excellent. They're small classes designed to teach about a specific part of mathematical or philosophical logic. Boorse knows his subject well", he is flexible in what he teaches," and he develops a good rapport with the students. I hear he might be teaching a seminar on deviant logic in spring 2011. Take it.""
""Do NOT listen to anything anyone else is saying", the class is useless, its hard, you can't pay attention and learn much because its not structured at all," take something else if at all possible""
""Amazing professor. Keeps me interested and laughing all whilst learning :) You MUST take this hottie's class!!""
""Greatest professor that has ever walked the earth. You'll learn tons about Basic Decision Theory and lots about other things too. And he has a pepper now.""
""Was very interesting and informative... clearly had a good grasp on the subject matter.  Was very funny and kept the mood of the class light.  Take the class for an interesting Group A.""
""Between an extremely well written text book and a professor who knows logic like the back of his hand you will be well off. Do the homework", yes it takes a long time," but compared to the homework the tests are a relief. You don't have to even like math to get into the puzzle solving of Logic. Just flow with it. Tutoring is available for free.""
""Boorse is one of the funniest professors I've had at UD. Great sense of humor and extremely intelligent. If you practice problems", logic quickly becomes very interesting and doable. Make a good effort and you'll get a B. 3 tests, first 2 are easy," final is difficult. Class not mandatory but don't skip or you'll be lost. I recommend him.""
""This class is pretty interesting", and good for people who like to do puzzles.  Boorse has the strangest sense of humor - like when he used logic to suggest that Jennifer Aniston left Brad Pitt for him...  Wait until office hours to ask questions," or else he'll make you look like a fool in front of the whole class.""
""one of the best professors here. good sense of humor.""
""Boorse rocks my world!  He's probably one of the best (and most intelligent) professors I've had at UD.""
""I thought this course was good when I first took it and my appreciation has only grown with time  It was not easy but provided a good foundation for later technical work and a great sharpening of one's thought processes""
""Logic? I mean hell....very difficult"," study every nite or you will forget.""
""make nice"," he hooks it up""
""Tries to make interesting & very fair grader"," but the course material is HARD.""
""Extremely smart professor"," one of Delaware's best. You will learn from him.""
""Great proffessor easy class makes a horribly boring subject fairly interesting""
""The man came off very distant", cranky, and rude. Can recall when he actually kicked me out of his office for asking too many question.  Regardless, the guy is still the best BISC403 prof in UD. His lectures are typically clear, and his exams are hard but doable if you put in time with notes, the book," and the practice exams. Scored a B. So can you.""
""TAKE SMITH!!! This class is a difficult class", but an A is possible. Dr. Smith is extremely helpful and for an 8 AM keeps everyone wide awake. One of the best biology teachers I've ever had I recommend him!! Take Notes on everything, study practice exams," read book and you will get a A or B""
""Dr. Smith is very enthusiastic and knowledgeable about genetics. However"," is exams are very tough. Be sure to thoroughly understand his notes and previous exams.""
""Dr. Smith is very passionate about what he teaches and usually willing to help. Make sure you go to class and take good notes because tests come straight form the notes. You won't even need to read the book. He is very good at explaining things so that they make sense too. If you have to take this class"," definitely take it with Smith!""
""Take really good notes in this class", the exams come right out of lectures. Also, study the old test really well (understand all the questions). Overall, he explains things well and is willing to help you. Not too hard of a class, but make sure you study and UNDERSTAND concepts. Read over the assigned readings," it may help clear up some concepts.""
""I had heard that this class was hard", but it is very easy. If you know how to read, you will do well. If you do not know how to read," you will do well.""
""Dr. Smith is extremely knowledgeable and enthusiastic about his area of study and it clearly shows in his teaching. The material is challenging", but you should do okay if you pay attention and take good notes. The lab section of this class is horrendous," but you just have to grit your teeth and do it. Smith makes 8am class not entirely terrible.""
""Liked him so much for 300 I took him again! Wants his students to do well", holds study sessions @library the night before exams. Gets along with students and is very helpful to them. Enthusiastic about what he teaches, tests are very fair, easy to do well if you study. Will clarify anything you ask. Good teacher, smart prof," great guy.""
""Dr. Smith is somehow able to take an 8am class about bacteria and make it interesting enough to stay awake for! His lectures are very interesting", and he is very easy to find outside of class if you have questions. Exams are tough," but he gives you old exams to practice off of.""
""I was excited for this class"," but the first few months were dedicated to punnett squares and simple mathematical calculation. Then suddenly everything became route memorization. Tough. Note: Do not do the difficult book problems he assigns for the first exam. There will generally only be easy ones on it. -READ THE BOOK-STUDY OLD EXAMS LIKE WOAH-""
""The best professor by far! He knows his stuff & is very passionate about Genetics. He really wants you to learn. Exams are tough!! Not an easy class but he makes an 8am class very exciting every time. He does NOT curve!! I learned a lot in this class. Make sure you do the assigned homework questions. Do practice exam. He is always ready to help!""
""Great professor", he's been teaching for over 30 years. He really knows the subject material, but carefully emphasizes the important information. He makes sure his instruction is very clear, because the subject can get pretty murky. He's great to talk to and he makes himself very available for help," especially right before exams.""
""tough class", no curve. i feel that he is prob good to have for multiple classes," but i just took him for micro and found him difficult and uncomfortably approachable. def study old tests and know concepts. lectures are good...if you can stay awake""
""Very interesting lectures", I didn't fall asleep once and I had him for an 8am. Knows what he teaches and makes it interesting by default somehow. Very easy to want to learn in his class," highly recommended.""
""Great class", except the middle third on taxonomy which is very tedious. Not as hard as in micro and genetics. 3 tests, all essays," based on lectures and assigned articles. Most of the class got A's and B's. Take it if you wanna learn something different and interesting and not the usual classical stuff""
""Amazing professor. Never fell asleep for a lecture - presents material very well. Difficult class (all BISC classes 400+ are) unless you keep up with the readings and go to his office hours. Beware the 1st Exam in Genetics - use the practice exams he gives you. You WILL learn Genetics in this class.""
""i had him for genetics", micro, and bacterial evolution and he is by far my favorite prof here. very personable and knowledgeable. excellent at teaching the material. must study, go to class," and read tho to get a good grade""
""BEST professor in the Bio department", Its a challenging class, but all 400 level bio classes are, if you do the work, he's more than happy to help you. GO TO STUDY SESSIONS, make sure you study the old exams he gives you a week before the test, they help A LOT. Overall," a hard class but worth it and there is no better professor to take it with.""
""Had him for genetics/micro. BEST professor", absolutely love him! Very helpful, go to him for help during office hours. Any bio class is challenging, but put in the work and you can do well. Make sure you look at old tests. For micro, outline why wrong answers are wrong (test qs are usually re-worded," be careful tho!). Genetics-go to study sessions!""
""best prof at delaware. hes tough but all 400 bio classes are. study old tests. go to him for help. attend review sessions. study the book. hardest bio class ive taken but id take this prof again any day. ive taken 3 classes with him cuz hes the best.""
""Gives an old time lecture
""badness all around""
""This class is painfully boring. He seems like a very nice guy", he isn't afraid to use his own odd form of wit, although some people find his wit awkward, I respect his comfort level up there when he is teaching. The class sucks though, it is difficult kind of," and his teaching style/voice/material is obscenely boring.""
""He seems like a nice guy", but his lectures are pretty ridiculously boring.  His tests are really hard, but he curves them.  On the first exam (out of two)," I got the second highest grade in the class with an 82.  He's knowlegable and friendly.""
""after the 3rd class I went to Dr. Stalker's office hours with a good question", which he answered and we discussed. I totally understand everything that he says in class and am not suprised when he is mean to stupid people. If you ask a stupid question what do you expect," especially from a guy with severe chronic back pain. Quit whining!!!""
""The reason no one likes this man is because the majority of his students are idiots. If you ask a worthwile question he will answer", and will be very willing to help. However, if all you want is a better grade than you deserve than of course he will be mean to you," and should be mean to you because you are stupid and dont deserve to be at a college""
""I found the discussion of the lottery paradox especially interesting.  I'm now a determinist!""
""Multiple-guess exam format--just 2 a semester (easy in that respect if you can manage to avoid drifting as much as Stalker). He is the worse teacher I have had at UD"," although he has written on many interesting and related topics and knows a lot of the people we studied.""
""terrible""
""This man hurts the soul. He is so boring"," and doesn't even make sense half of the time. MY class was dead silent. by the end there were only 9 people out of 46! Just find another professor if you want this class. He was terrible.""
""Worst teacher I have ever had.  Total jerk when you try to get help from him.  Discourages class discussion in a PHILOSOPHY class!!!""
""I come to each class with an open mind and don't have favorites when it comes to Profesors", but, this might be the worst teacher I have ever encountered. He makes no sense at all," its almost as if he is talking to himself and not a large class. He is so vague<avoid the class at all costs!""
""he is the worst professor EVER. Do yourself a favor and drop his class NOW.""
""Class is pretty damn boring. I never went to class BUT i READ the entire book (it sucked the life outta me) and made my own notes. If you think your an above average or an excellent student take this course because its based on two exams which are graded on a z-score curve.""
""Hands down the worst prof I've had at UD. He yelled at a girl for putting her test in the wrong pile! A real jerk. Made fun of people who asked questions", IF he even called on people who HAD questions. Extremely vague, boring," and not a nice person at all. Seems to hate his job. UD should fire him!!""
""THIS CLASS SUCKED! DO NOT TAKE IT""
""Snooze alert!  I stopped going to class after the first exam bc a) it was 8AM 2) it was BORING and 3)I realized I could learn it from his handouts and the book.  Mult choice exams are challenging"," but doable if you do work. If I had to hear him say """"whoops"""" one more time I was going to strangle him.""
""Terrible", terrible class, get out while you still can, and I mean RUN!!! I had this 8am and it was impossible to stay awake. Attendance is imperative," and there are only 2 exams to decide your entire semester. I really didn't learn a thing""
""One of the easist classes i have had at UD. Its just 2 multiple choice exams", no work," no papers.  Kinda boring tho but you can pretty much skip every class if you read.""
""The worst teacher I have ever had.  You have to completely teach the course to yourself.  Avoid having him at all costs.""
""I loved Dr. Peelers class! He even brought in his dog on the last day. Lays out everything you need to do to succeed and if you put in the effort"," he notices. Gives great advice too! Cant wait to have him again for cell bio next semester!""
""Clearly explained assignments", structured well, approachable," great professor""
""He is a really nice professor who is clearly highly intelligent.""
""Great professor! Dr. Peeler is extremely friendly and a fair grader.  He also makes the class not as difficult as it could be by allowing students to create PowerPoint projects as a grade booster. Many science classes are solely based on exams"," but he purposely creates opportunities to raise your grade if you're not the best test taker.""
""I've heard he's awesome at teaching other bio courses", but genetics just isn't one of them. He rarely every lectured," so you were stuck depending on your group to help you understand the material. He always assigned readings from the textbook and we would almost always had a quiz. His exams are hard. Labs & essays barely saved my grade.""
""Took genetics with him and it was horrible. He rarely teaches or ever lectures. you must do the readings and during most classes there is a quiz. exams are hard as well. he's very laidback and willing to help if you have questions. got out of class early 99% of the time. lab reports and essays are what saved my grade.""
""Core Perspectives is interesting. Very laid back and not a hard grader. Pretty good teacher though.""
""Nice guy"," but class is sleep-inducing""
""very nice guy and classes are extremely laid back.  He's pretty fair with grading.  However"," class might benefit from a little more actual instruction time""
""Class is a little boring"," but he's an awesome professor!""
""He should be cloned""
""Very clear"," concise and makes difficult topics easy to understand.""
""Awesome teacher.  Laid back"," and explains material very thoroughly. More than willing to answer questions and will often find a way to help you answer your own questions. Will give help if you ask for it.""
""very helpful"," classes are interesting""
""very nice", laid back, very helpful," tests are not too bad""
""No Comments""
""This is a total breeze. If you make it to 301"," you're going to be completely unprepared for 302 because you won't learn anything.""
""I haven't learned anything this semester. For midterm grades", we crammed in a quiz, test," and a midterm all in one week so that we would have grades. She picks on students and didn't even know my name 7 weeks into the class.""
""Definitely a lot easier than the 200 level courses! I didn't feel like I learned a lot of new material", but I did feel a lot more comfortable actually speaking Spanish. She's a little crazy," but that's part of her appeal""
""She's absolutely crazy"," but how can you not love that? This is by far the easiest class I have taken in college""
""Incompetent", insane, and ignores her best students while lavishing the idiots with praise. If you're looking to coast, she's great. If you're looking to learn," go somewhere else.""
""Getting a tad battier with age...but she always has a lot on her plate. Her tests are ridiculously lengthy"," but she is very nice and the course is very worthwhile.""
""No Comments""
""Easy course", but class was worthless Did nothing in class to aquire new skills with the language and work was seldom if ever checked. You never knew were doing something wrong until tests," which required ridiculous amount of work compared to class""
""Dr. Martin is an excellent teacher with firsthand knowlege of Spanish.""
""Riley was awesome.  Told you exactly what to expect like no other undergrad teacher I have ever had.""
""Best teacher ever! He really tells it like it is! He may seem stern or mean"," but he really prepares you for the industry. Have to take at least one class with him!""
""Avoid. Feels compelled to constantly insult every student in class for their work"," even though he never actually shows how to properly do the assignments. Operates under the guise of """"preparing students for the world""""...only as an excuse to belittle their work. Riley needs to learn what the word Intro...means in Intro to TV & Audio course""
""the best""
""a stud!""
""This is a guy where you will either love him or hate him. I did not like him what so ever.  Yes he can crack a joke"," yes he knows what he is talking about when it comes to advertising. But he is a jerk. Telling students that their work is sh** and that we don't know anything.  If would help if he actually taught something once in a while.Avoid him!""
""not too bad.  doesnt use the book except for take home tests. just turn ur stuff in on time and u'll get an A. def tells it like it is.""
""Took his class years ago as non-traditional student. I was 29", returning from workforce & extremely focused. Maynard knows his stuff & conveys it well. However, he curses like a sailor & talks to everyone like they were morons. It's offensive & pointless. If not for his bitterness, I'd give him an A, but gave him C," instead.""
""Media Management. This class seems useless to me. We don't do anything with the book at all besides take home tests with it. Every day we listen to him tell us how miserable our lives are going to be. I'm not learning anything. The guest lectures are the only thing that save this class. He's also very unclear on assignments and the syllabus is vagu""
""No Comments""
""I heard the bad stories as well however i enjoyed having him as a teacher...he taught me well and i loved it. I thank him for helping me through the department.""
""He made me cry the whole way home after my first day of his class. Basically he told us that in the comm. field we will be poor", and on top of that, losers! He also was more interested in talking about what he has done in life, than teaching us any material from the book. I didn't learn anything," except to never take his class again!""
""Riley is one of the best teachers ever...definitely take his classes"," you'll learn alot.""
""A very bitter man. You'll never be inspired by him. Otherwise"," an easy A if you turn in your stuff on time.""
""Riley is honest. That's why he uses the """"F"""" word more than I do. As a teacher"," he's one of the best I ever had.""
""No Comments""
""ugh...half the class got 30somethingpercents on their midterm take home test because he was UNCLEAR now the best we can get are c's...""
""No Comments""
""Great teacher if you were willing to work""
""Awesome teacher""
""TAKE HIS CLASS. I took it as a major elective and it was so worth it. It is also the only class I've taken where I read the entire textbook and enjoyed every assignment. I wish I could have taken this seated"," as it would have been even more enjoyable.""
""Duff is a fantastic professor. He personality that keeps class interesting. He doesn't like to use technology", so get ready to take notes during his lectures. Don't worry, he keeps them interesting. His assignments were very helpful in learning the material. The tests were hard and he gave a pretty vague study guide," but you can still do well.""
""If you are taking this class for theories (ACS 330) don't be nervous or scared. Make sure you study for the quizzes and read through the chapters. Heads up: MEMORIZE any lists of stuff that are mentioned in the book and he gives extra credit- always over NPR. Amazing teacher. He is genuine", honest," and inspiring. TAKE HIS CLASSES NOW!!""
""Best professor I have ever had at SIUE. Seriously", take him. Even if you are a biochemistry major," take him.""
""Listening class", over the summer. Of course, the material is compressed and you go over a lot in 5 weeks. Duff is a great guy, and he definitely has personality. Be prepared to take lots of notes during his lectures because that's where a lot of test questions come from. Speech Comm is my minor, so had to take this class," but he made it enjoyable.""
""Duff is one of the best instructors here! I love not only going to class but learning from him. He is helpful inside and outside the classroom. As long as you go and pay attention he is not to hard. Great professor!""
""He is a Great Professor! I learned more from him than anyone else in the department. He also inspired me to be a teacher of Communication.""
""Dr. Wrobbel keeps the class interesting. Lots of information given"," much of it thought provoking.""
""By far the best professor I have ever had! I highly recommend taking Duff. His lectures can be boring"," but it's college we're talking about. He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to do well and improve. Loved him and wish he was my teacher for every class!!""
""this teacher had my attention since day one!! even if i was sick i would drive 30 minutes just to hear his lectures. his stories are always fun and he treats you like a person"," not just some 'kid'. i highly recommend him as a teacher. his quizes consist of about 20 questions and if you read the chapters-they're an easy A.""
""Great teacher...Keeps you interested in subject and also makes you want to attend class. relates to us college students in a profound way. definitely recommend""
""By far one of the best teachers at siue..strucures the class so you will learn..not be stressed out with tedious assignments and actually relates subject to you and what youre going to personally be doing in life..could not reccomend more..great guy..TAKE HIM""
""He's entertaining in his lectures and very informative at the same time...very helpful", more than willing to help you understand the material and as long as you work hard, show up and participate," you'll do fine in his classes. Highly recommeneded!!""
""Duff. Is a great teacher. Class has taught me so so much. Thanks.""
""Interesting guy", I loved listening to his tangents, sometimes I thought he was having an acid flashback.  Highly intelligent man who made class interesting and was always helpful.  My only complaint would be that he was sometimes a little too political with his rants," even though he had some excellent points.""
""He loves to talk.  He doesn't seem like a hard test guy"," but they can be.  He loves to make you learn a lot of lists for his tests.  Memorize all the lists and everything he tells you and you will do well.  Creates very comfortable atmosphere for students.""
""No Comments""
""I had him several years ago", but he still stands out as the best professor I ever had.  Funny guy and he knows a lot about a lot.  It's unfortunate he doesn't teach anything in Mass Comm," because I'd take all his classes.""
""His lectures are boring but when you get him going off on a tangent its hilarious. He will talk to you about woodworking forever if you let him. Overall good teacher though.""
""Duff is as helpful as anyone can be. He always found the time in his crazy life to make sure his students were taken care of. His standards are high"," but attainable for those who utilize all their talents and resources he offers. I would definitely take one of Duff's classes again.""
""Very knowledgeable. Dr. Grosse is extremely experienced and does his best to share his knowledge. He is always willing to help and often goes the extra mile.""
""not clear", condescending," and not organized""
""Difficult. he knows his****"," but he's tough at times.""
""I had Dr. Grosse for Physics I and II labs and he was an excellent teacher.  He rides a bike to school every day"," too.""
""He really wants to make you think and learn"," not just spit back information.  He's a great guy who makes physics fun and worth all the work you have to put into the class.""
""Class & Lab is hard especially w/ him"," but he's helpful and understanding if you go to him for help.""
""from an old alum... i credit dr. grosse with the reason i got my first job and still love working for the same company (for 12 years!).  like it or not those COBOL skills and his emphasis on 'work ethic' were key!...""
""The class isn't easy"," but he's a great guy""
""No Comments""
""Not a terrible class given it was Shakespeare & The Environment. Some participation is necessary. Not a heavy grader and is willing to work with you. However the class focused more on the environmental issues then Shakespeare.""
""I took Rachana's Asian Literature course and enjoyed her teaching style so much that I also took Shakespeare with her as an elective my senior year. Her classes are on the easier side"," so as long as you do the readings and participate in group discussion you'll be fine.""
""Really lovely woman - she makes us cupcakes and is very nice. Everyone calls her by her first name. Super easygoing", doesn't care if you're late, barely cares if you did homework. You don't learn much and she gives everyone an A," so she's a real catch for requirement classes.""
""Impossible to know what she actually wanted. Very unclear with instructions.""
""I have Rachana for both of my honors classes this year", and I love her! She really gets you to think of the topic she approaches in a new and different way," as she is always willing to look over your papers and really help you out. She is one of the best teachers out there. ""
""Extremely easy grader. You watch a lot of films. The skits are hard only because people's schedules are so different"," but really fun when actually performing. (No acting experience needed!!) Really fun teacher!""
""I'm very surprised to see so many low ratings.  I had Rachana for Shakespeare", and man was it fun!  (As a business major who hates Shakespeare, that says a lot.)  She was not a particularly hard grader, the skits/presentations were fun," and the field trip to D.C. was a blast.  Nothing funnier than Sachdev getting a little tipsy at dinner.""
""Thought & Civ was horrible. focused soley on the death penalty", all analysis of issue on her part was superficial. boring discussion, wasted paper with lots of readings, pointless trips (went to a prison & almost set off the alarms.) A lovely person outside the classroom," but avoid like the plague!""
""Had her for writing and thinking. She missed a total of 4/5 classes. Her grading system is horrible. You read 5 books then write essays on them. Essays arent hard. All you do is talk in class. Everyone has to volunteer or you will write essays. She is a nice teacher and all"," but the class is very boring (also considering I had the class at 8 a.m.)""
""Dr. Sachdev is very disorganized", and gave me an 80 for class participation when I had attended more classes than she did. I learned some things in her class," but I honestly felt that her class was very dull. I would absolutely not recommend her.""
""Nice lady", very tough grader," very dull class""
""She has a great personality and is really interested in her students.  She has a great deal of knowledge and she is very accomidating.  I think she is a great professor and a wonderful person.""
""pointless class", horribly boring," and her grading system makes it very hard to do well.  also she grades very subjectively.""
""Do not take this lady.  Very tough grader and a horrible grading system and she's so boring.""
""Rachana's a very special", memorable prof.  She took a personal interest in me and helped me to find my passion for teaching and language.  She does miss a lot of classes, but she has a very active scholarly career," and she coordinates a Shakespeare conference.  She opens minds.""
""She's a very hard grader and doesn't give the student any feedback about their grades.  Assignments always seem vague and unclear", and class itself is very dull.  Also," the 100 point system is completely ridiculous.""
""Misses tons of classes", very hard grader, her 100 point grading system is absolutely ridiculous and makes it hard to do well.  ,,,,,,,,,,,
""great professor", good friend, enthused about material, conscientious, enormous brain (a little scatter brained)," very high rating overall""
""while dr. sachdev obviously loves the material which she is teaching", it would be very nice if she took any interest whatsoever in the opinions of the students in her class. not only is she completely immune to others' mindsets," she takes forever to respond with critiques and grading assignments.""
""This prof. really knew how to connect with her students.  She helped me realize my true potential in writing and gave me the confidence to follow my true desire to be in Communications"," not biology.  Due to Rachana I'm working in a field I love.""
""I took symbolic logic as a non-major and was horrified. I saw a lot of people", some philosophy majors some not," drop the class even after the mid-term. When I went to him for help with only a month left of class he told me to drop. He believes you should teach yourself logic. Don't take him if you're not a philosophy major""
""Tough class to wrap your head around if you just are a person that wants pure facts""
""He is interested in his material", however bad at making it interesting for the rest of us. Material is confusing, and he is difficult to understand. Class is boring usually. Gives pop quizzes on readings, poor descriptions for assignments (papers), and few tests. Easy to fill the ethics requirement though," just a tough class to sit through.""
""The class was great", Dr. Whitman was great as well. The class is a breeze if you can understand basic philosophic principles. He loves pop quizzes," every Monday to be exact. Would recommend him if you are looking for a philosophy class.      ""
""He's a nice guy but is very opinionated. If you don't share his opinion he isn't going to like you and he'll give you bad grades. He's a very tough grader and unclear about most things. He's very liberal so if you don't share that view point"," I suggest finding another professor. ""
""Great teacher.I had him for freshmen honors"," and it was super easy. he's the smartest prof I've had so far.""
""Awesome Loved his Class""
""A disappointment. All in all", this man is assuming and presumptuous in the way of philosophy," albeit he claims that it is his """"calling.""""  Work is", ultimately," fairly easy.  Can be a tough grader for essays and isn't always the sharpest knife in the drawer when it comes to metaphor. Mediocre at best. Narrow minded and rude at worst.""
""Learned alot.""
""Loved his class.""
""One of the best profs at SU""
""Took him for Moral Conflicts...one of the nicest/smartest professors I ever had.""
""This class is not what I thought it would be at all and was excruciatingly boring until the last few weeks. There were two papers"," a midterm and a handful of pop quizzes (read all assignments) for the semester. He grades your writing style not only the content of the paper. If you have good content but can't write well you will get a C--be careful.""
""wow... not the class i thought it would be. very tough grader- pop quizzes on readings- and there are a lot of both! nice guy but not very clear on information- if you dont understand something- make sure to see him outside of class or you will continue to be lost!!""
""This could be a better class if he would teach instead of recycling info from the book", not be so narrow minded and be open to debate and other people's ideas. Now," the class is boring and the guy is a jerk. One of the 2 worst classes I have taken here at SU.""
""Once again"," you're only right as long as you agree with him.  Interesting since that contradicts the concept of philosophy... reasoning... debating... view points... etc.  I wonder if he'd like to discuss karma?  Now what I mean...""
""Very interesting class"," good teacher.""
""Everyone should have to take a course like this.  I learned alot"," and enjoy the course.""
""Best class I have taken.""
""Very demanding class", but he explains it well and is willing to help if you ask. Loves corny jokes," doesn't tolerate idiocy. Smart man.""
""I went into professor Burnim's class with the expectation of learning a lot about Black Music", while still having a good time. I was gravely mistaken. She grades her papers incredibly difficultly, and her tests often have material that she barely," if at all covers. Steer clear of her. If your major makes you take her class CHANG YOUR MAJOR.""
""For a freshman level class", she's a very tough grader. Also," she doesn't answer your questions and is incredibly disorganized. ""
""I was looking forward to this class and was grossly disappointed. Her lecture information is poorly organized and difficult to follow. She doesn't know how to operate anything electronic including turning off caps lock. Her tone and mannerisms are abrasive and obnoxious. Expect to get a snarky response when you ask her to clarify herself and exams.""
""EXTREMELY BORING CLASS. also did not like the teacher at all.""
""Worst professor I have ever had. Doesn't listen to students at all. Thinks everything she says is great and useful (It isn't.) Very rude and doesn't return emails. Grading is absolutely ridiculous and she very opinionated and hard to deal with. She tries to be fun but her class is a bore and is terrible to sit through. I give her a huge F--""
""she plays favorites with students. She also tends to listen to students poorly - she makes a quick judgment about what you are saying and then doesn't listen to your whole idea. Very ethnusiastic though""
""mEAN""
""i did not enjoy the class""
""For a Doctor of Ethnomusicology", this woman seems to have an awfully difficult time operating a microphone.  Every day in class her voice was feeding back through the speakers, people were cringing," and guest performers were freaked out.  How do you think her fieldwork recordings sound?  """"Scree!!""""""
""Leave her alone", she's a good professor with good intentions. She is very renowned in her area, but she expects you to do your work. This isn't a blow-off class," but it is as entertaining and fun as you make it. I was very satisfied with her class.""
""She cares about the students", but is offended too easily.  Her tests are suprisingly difficult as she throws out questions that are unfair without compensated the class with a curve.  All and all," I will stay away from the folklore department after this.""
""She seems nice", but she words her tests in a confusing manner and also sometimes messes up the correct information.  She does want students to do well though," but not many students actually do.""
""She's nice", but can get really hyper sometimes if she's had too much coffee. Yes, she loves her folklore/ethno students," but her courses are fun.""
""I agree. At first she seems nice but then you get to know her more. She is really annoying and favors certain students.""
""The class is boring but the Professor could make it more interesting if he put in more effort. All the examples he uses and all the activities seem really dated. Not the worse professor by any stretch but maybe average or below average.""
""His tests are straight forward", but often tricky. The classes are really boring, but you have to attend because of clicker (that sometimes he doesn't even give). No extra credit whatsoever. He does not seem to care about his students as people, simply as numbers who are in class. Overall easy class," but would not take it again.""
""Tests are very straight forward", all the information comes from the slides and some from the reading. I never felt surprised by a question on the tests. He is very caring and funny. There is a lot of assignments," but the readings are usually interesting articles from New York Times or something like that. Lecture can be boring a lot though.""
""Pretty dry lectures", but if you go to class and study the powerpoint slides (which he now posts on Canvas for his students), you'll be fine. Do the readings
""Dr. Clark is a decent guy", other than you can definitely feel that he sees you as a number and not a student. Despite me having doctor's notes for absences and explaining my personal situation," he actually got mad and wasn't very available. TA does most. Class isn't hard but not very easy either. Just make sure to do the occasional assignment.""
""Dr. Clark is the type of professor that you want for a class like this. Most of the material is relatively dry and uninteresting(unless this is your major) but Dr. Clark goes out of his way to keep lectures intriguing. Advice: The first exam is the easiest so DO NOT blow off the others", don't miss class unless you have too," take solid notes.""
""This class was amazing. It's very interesting and Prof. Clark really cares about his students doing well. There's a lot of reading", but he provides you with the articles and they're not that difficult. His tests are straightforward, but a good deal of the questions come from the readings. You have to study to do well," but he's very fair.""
""Dr. Clark has to be the most chill prof. here! Exam questions come straight from his lecture slides to come to class (he doesn't post them online). No textbook", uses clickers for participation points, 2 articles on any event related to the course material," and 6 activities (some in groups some individual). Really easy gen ed if you need one!""
""Case studies are interactive with active business strategies. Good choices of case studies and the transition between the text book and case studies is apt.""
""He has clear powerpoint presentations so it is easy to understand class. He wants clickers to get attendance which are important so be sure to have one friend in the class in any case. ""
""Prof. Clark is the MAN!!! I don't know how people average B's on the tests. If you read the articles (total of like 6 pages) and are half alive in class"," it's an easy A. Group projects can screw you over if you have a terrible group. Clark is also e the most hilarious people you will ever meet. Take this guy if you go to Penn State.""
""Professor Clark is the best teacher I ever had- hands down. He is fair and keeps the material interesting. It's classes like this that make the college experience a little better. I definitely recommend this class.""
""I found this class to be really interesting because I know some of the things we learned about I will see/experience in the future with jobs. Professor Clark on the other hand is kind of scatter-brained and when you would ask him questions about his class he never could really give you a straight answer.""
""Some of the material taught in class is painfully boring and nittany notes helped a lot with that! You have to take notes in class as well because no notes are provided online. Good luck asking someone to borrow their notes if you don't go to class. Exams are fair with multichoice questions and short-answer too.""
""Such a nice guy. I actually found the class very interesting and I learned a lot. Learn how to take good notes. The most valuable information", he speaks. For class assignments, they don't like giving out 100 but they will give a 95 (There will be a new TA so that might change) Overall," easy class..sometimes boring but aren't they all lol""
""Boring lectures", but you have to attend to get the notes, which is what the tests are based off of. The recitation assignments are pretty easy and the tests aren't overly hard, assuming you got the class notes. The TAs grading is pretty inconsistent, and they take points off at random and can't explain why they took off points," even if you ask them""
""Professor Clark is the man! For everyone that says this class is stupid", I disagree. If you don't like it, then don't go to lecture. But Clark is a very good professor, and is very knowledgeable in the field of labor studies. Great class," great professor.""
""This is a stupid class. Also", he's a nice guy, but not a very good professor. He just reads off the slides," and rarely provides additional or interesting information. This was by far the most boring class I've taken yet at PennState. Not recommended.""
""Professor Clark is a funny guy...If you go to class", skim the readings," and kinda pay attention to the videos you will be able to pull out a high grade""
""Exam isnt testing student's ability to understand material such as what company involved in what technique ages ago doesnt help me in the future. Assignment seems very easy", but TA takes points off without any mark on your work," so u never know what u did wrong.""
""As a freshman at Kenyon in 1984", I took Mr. Lentz's literature class. I graduated from law school, was elected a prosecutor in Montana shortly thereafter, worked as a prosecutor in New Mexico, in the financial industry in Singapore, and to this day, I find Mr. Lentz's class one of the most relevant classes I ever took even though," unfortunately I""
""I took this class 7 years ago but I still remember that he made me cry. We had """"recitations"""" (short", a handwritten page," answers to prompts on the text we're reading) and he said I should withdraw from the class because I did poorly on 1! Otherwise averaging a B/B+. He may be the reason I dislike early American Lit (in grad school for Lit).""
""Simply the best professor I have ever had.  His 50 minute lectures are phenomenal and his knowledge of the subject matter is both encyclopedic and still growing.  He insists on 2 things-punctuality and familiarity with the assignment.  If you cannot do the reading and show up on time do not take his class.  If you can"," then do.""
""It turns out that the """"Charles P. McIlvaine Professor of English"""" isn't even up to date on literary criticism in his field. His lectures are informed by some scholars who were prominent in the late sixties. UGH!!He's a kind man though.""
""He is a wonderful professor. I took his american lit class. It is challenging and some of the books we read weren't my favorite", but he is great! He is one of the kindest people I have ever met. It is annoying that his office hours are really early in the morning," but you should go anyway.""
""No! Just No!!!! Thanks God he's retiring. His new book is a catastrophe on paperback"," too. People should realize that big words don't make a good teacher.""
""A truly devoted professor and wonderful mentor. He lives and breathes literature", and he really inspires his students to work hard and react personally to the text. Kind, perceptive, and invested in his students. If you want a challenging but fulfilling English experience," take a class with him. It's so sad that he's only here for one more year!""
""You either love him or you hate him. No inbetweens. I LOVE HIM! Amazing professor and human being.""
""I admit I'm rather baffled by all these accusations of misogyny. Mr. Lentz has thus far always treated my as a complete equal. He's an absolutely extraordinary lecturer and has always made time for me in his office hours as well"," whether to discuss the text or just to talk over whatever I've been reading on my own.""
""Bombastic", but delightfully so. Demands a great deal of writing, which is not graded especially hard. He treats students fairly enough. I do wonder whether he is a competent teach of poetry. He reads Milton as if it were written in prose," adding extra syllables every so often.""
""If you are a wishy washy"," backboneless english student who likes to """"feel"""" instead of know", don't take him.  If you have the wherewithal to withstand his staunch criticism of your work, if you would like to know the pillars of modern literature, if you want to experience the best English teacher i have ever had, if you want excellence," take Lentz.""
""He taught me how to complete a sentence. Yeah", he's religious, yeah, it's the canon. But, who teaches the canon better than Lentz, and don't you think you should read it well before you discount it. He is also the most compassionate, generous professor I've ever had. He grades hard," but on terms you set forth in writing""
""Those who slander Mr. Lentz appear to not have listened to his CRYSTAL CLEAR eplanations in the syllabus and the ENDLESS AMOUNTS of respect he gives his students. Despite his old-fashioned approach and occasional abrassiveness"," one can learn a lot from Lentz.""
""extremely tyrannical in his teaching style and seems to like prostelitizing more than discussing topics from the readings. all i learned from his course was about the kenyon college plagarism conduct""
""If you like misogyny"," you'll love Lentz. He soured me on the English department as a whole and on English as a subject. He should have retired years ago and been a Civil War historian instead.""
""Mr. Lentz is legendary for a reason.  He rereads the novels he assigns along with you and is always open to new interpretations.  If you don't learn something about life from him"," you aren't paying attention.""
""He is great""
""Lentz is completely old school.  He won't allow you to make up a quiz for being two minutes late and then he'll hold you four minutes after class.  His rigidness is often unfair and tyrannical""
""His intellectual capability is staggering", but that doesn't translate into a good course.  The readings he assigns, though essential, are tired and trite.  His clarity is renowned," but what he chooses to cover is well worn material.""
""A fantastic professor. The best lecturer I've ever had. The classes on Moby Dick were amazing", ditto Red Badge of Courage and the Henry James novel at the end. Kenyonites," TAKE HIS CLASS!""
""okay. nothing special"," really boring class. hoping to get a B. she is dry but nice. final is not cumulative.""
""An intelligent lady", absolutely no idea how to teach the material. Whatever you do," do not take her.""
""Prof. Levenburg is a very tough grader. She graded every sentences of your analysis and offered a 2-page feedback. Extra credit of 30 points were given. Besides being a very tough grader"," she cared about her students and their learning progress. She encouraged participation and also student interaction in the class. Study well then you will pass!""
""She doesn't teach the material that is in the homework"," or does simplified versions that are not helpful to learning the difficult material. She taught multiple concepts blatantly wrong. She gives rude responses to reasonable questions from students. Her lectures are ineffective at teaching the concepts and often focus on irrelevant material.""
""She was the most inefficient prof ive ever had. She'll ask if she should switch between whiteboard/ projector/computer about 15 times every class and wont even listen when you answer her. She constantly asks if we have questions but then DOESNT EVEN LOOK UP TO SEE IF YOU RAISE YOUR HAND! She even goes through half a math prob and just stops""
""No matter who you take 1. MGT 366 is a hard class 2. There's no easy A. Putting aside she makes you feel dumb", there are good things about her class. She gives a lot of extra credit, tells you exactly what math problems will be on the exam (crucial," some teachers dont) and gives you a """"help sheet"""" on exams. She makes sure you know the material tho.""
""DO NOT TAKE HER. She made her tests incredible hard and no one finished them on time. One time she even left the class with 10 people still taking the exam and we all had to chase her up to her office to hand it in. She gets distracted easily and lectures are her reading the powerpoint... which she goes too fast on so you cant even take notes on.""
""I can honestly say she is one of the worst professors I've ever had. Her methods of teaching in class are sub par and do not prepare you for the overly packed exams she gives. She's very vague in her explanations and passive aggressive. Do not take her for any class. Also"," be very thorough with everything that has to do with the plant tour.""
""She is very nice at appearance", but is not very understanding with students. If you ask a question her response is always very passive aggressive. Homework you grade yourself, quizzes are online, so you really get nailed on exams and the plant tour project. Shes very critical of your plant tour charter, benchmark questions," and written report.""
""Terrible Professor!!! I have had not problem in excelling in school throughout my years at GVSU"," and she put a halt to that. I would advise anyone and everyone to never take her!!! The worst professor I have ever had!!!!""
""Prof Levenburg was one of my favorite profs I've had at GV. She's quirky and funny"," and explains everything we need to know in great detail. I was originally dreading this class but it ended up being my favorite of the semester. Also gives 30 points extra credit. Would highly recommend her and this class!!!""
""90% of your grade relies on a plan tour project and 3 exams but does allow an 8.5X11 sheet for help. Exams are very math oriented but wasn't too bad. Forget about learning from her"," she will just read slides and then jumps into problems without any explanation. (Watch Youtube Vids). She grades as if this is a SWS class. Take a different Prof!""
""Professor Levenburg is a very smart person", but not a good professor at all. This is my first time ever writing a review in my four years at Grand Valley. She is a professor who is relatively easy but not worth taking. She is disrespectful to her students when they ask a simple question. Constantly makes mistakes when going over examples," no good.""
""Professor Levenburg is the worst professor I have had at Grand Valley. I learned absolutely nothing from her class besides how to deal with a rude"," negative professor that does not care for her students. Do yourself a favor and take a different professor.""
""Lots of opportunities for extra credit (up to 30 points)", you get an 8x11 cheat sheet  on each exam and she gives partial credit. For the plant tour project, make sure your group has the best report or you will not do well. My group was marked down for things that were not in the rubric. Lots of homework and quizzes," but only 5 out of 8 count.""
""She will read directly from the book with no added clarity. Difficult exams. Will not give you enough time to take exams. Have a question? Read the rubric", she won't help you. If you do not do projects exactly the way she wants them done, she will torch your grade. Unimaginative, uninspiring," just plain """"un."""" Worst instructor I've ever had.""
""Pretty good teacher"," exams are exam plus you get a cheat sheet. Go to class and study for the exam easy B or A if you try.""
""Professor Levenburg was awesome. She does this thing called """"mulligans"""" which is basically just free points for participating in class to get back on the exam. Whenever I had questions", she was always able to answer them. Attend class, keep up on homework," and you'll be fine. Do the review packets she gives & tests are super easy! Would take again!""
""She is a tough prof but genuinely cares about her students. Very much a part of my college experience. She is sweet and smart. She has always been willing to talk with me and help. Very quick to respond to emails and blackboard. Great instructor!""
""Tough class. Only 3 exams", first and last are 25% of your grade and the middle is worth 40%. Homework is assigned every night excluding exam days, she takes the best 5 out of 7-9 she collects, and they are collectively worth 10% of your grade. Good," but difficult teacher. Most likely lost my 4.0 at Seidman with an A-...""
""The best professor ever! If I would have a chance I will take him for all my classes. He is the only professor that take care of students. He always teach so clear and gives you a lot of explanations. I recommend to you all"," Respect!!""
""Dr. Good has a great personality and has 2 tests", 1 phone call, and 1 presentation. It is very manageable," and I recommend taking MKT 356 !""
""Nice", funny guy.  A bit odd but easy to listen to.  He has some sales experience and know how to teach it, but its his way or the highway," and there are 100 ways to sell.  Overall fun useful class.  Recommend""
""I had him for MKT 356 and 451... you learn a lot from his lectures but his tests are mainly based from the book"," which is why they are so rough!!! Overall one of the best professors I've had @ GV!!!!""
""Professor Good is a great teacher", in fact one of the best at GVSU. He is very laid back, but is willing to help with problems. He leaves assignments a little vague, so it makes class tough. He does this on purpose though to make you work, and it really helps you learn. Take this class," you will learn a lot.""
""One of the best prof's at GV- I made sure to have him 2 more times next semester! very funny", interactive and keeps you attentive. Sales presentation isn't as bad as it seems," exams are not too bad (take online practice exams!)""
""Dr. Good is a realy great proffessor. He really wants his students to do well in his class. Make sure you read the book and his powerpoints. The test weren't too difficult just make sure you read. Studying the powerpoints alone won't get you a good grade. Overall a great prof!""
""Dr. Good is a great professor.  He's hilarious", and always gives notes based on what you need to know, not every minute detail in chapters. The course requires a lot of individual studying for the exams, and the project is a BIG part of the grade," but overall the class was enjoyable and fun.  DO NOT TAKE IF YOU CAN'T DO AN INDIVIDUAL PRESENTATION.""
""This guy is one of the top professors at GVSU.  Doesn't even need any aids to help him present the material. Great personality and fun guy to work with.  He is demanding of students (don't miss any classes) but the landed benefit of having taken him for this capstone is well worth it!""
""He is a great teacher", helpful, and very nice, always in a good mood and will make you laugh. His tests are pretty tricky so study, the sales call and presentation make sure you know your product well and youll do fine. Dont be afraid to close when he says sounds good," and if he says i have to think about it ask him what there is to think about.""
""Amazing professor. Couldn't be better! 356 was an amazing class", so I took Good for 456, and I liked him just as much," if not better. Take him for any class that you can. He is an asset to GV and he loves his students. Really fun. Easy. Fun!!""
""nice guy. great friend. teaches well", however is somewhat difficult. HE EXPECTS A LOT FROM HIS STUDENTS! go to class prepared and ready to learn and participate. he calls on people a lot. uses powerpoint. tests are multiple choice. good class, but expects a lot. no homework at all-just 2 tests and the sales presentation," thats it.""
""very", very nice guy. hard though. study your BUTT OFF. not afraid to fail people on the midterm," but helps them along with easier grading on the project and final.  lots of work but you learn alot and it is a capstone. so what do u expect i guess? he's a morning person. so if you're not
""He's my favorite professor at Grand Valley.  I have called him for life advice since I have completed his classes.  Great guy and great professor.  I learned a great deal and took a lot from his lectures/discussions.  BE PREPARED to ASK for the SALE!""
""One of the best professors I've had at GVSU.  I'm an accounting major and took the class just because I need a business elective that fit my schedule.  Still this was a great class that I learned so much from.  I would recomend any business students take one of his classes before they graduate.""
""This professor is EXCELLENT!!! If you have a chance to take him"," DO NOT HESITATE!""
""I had Dr. Good for three classes at GVSU.  Great professor.  READ THE BOOK! and you'll do alright"," attendance is key!  Highly recommended""
""Great prof", extremely knowledgeable about sales. Fun class," study terms in book and power point and you will do fine. Def take him for MKT 356!""
""This class was really hard for me. The tests were brutal but the project (even though it took forever) wasnt too bad. Make sure you choose a good group for the project! Dave is very", very clear and interesting. I never fell asleep once. Great Prof," just hard class sometimes.""
""Great guy! Makes the class interesting. If you read the book the tests are super easy.  Come to class and utilize what he says and the sales presentation will go fine! Great prof"," i would recommend him to anyone! marketing major or not!""
""Not a very good instructor.  Exams were curved anywhere from 8 to 10 percentage points just to get the exam average around a 78%.  For a group of students to produce results around a 70% average just reflects how well the course was being taught.  I would avoid him""
""He is not the worst teacher"," nor is his class the hardest. That being said it is a difficult class and he is a tough professor. Decent effort could get you a A or a C depending on the person. If you get below a C then you should major outside of business.""
""Went to class everyday and put more work into his class than any other for the semester. Also studied a lot and still got a C.""
""Good students can go to class everyday", put in a lot of effort, study and still not do well. Last semester was bad. Simply put, the class is very challenging. Brewer knows his stuff and is nice," but I would avoid if possible. He curves to reach a C grade distribution.""
""Very difficult class", however Brewer taught the very simply.  The problems he did every day showed up on the 3 tests.  Come to class," take notes and go to to his office and you get a good grade""
""Everyone was hatin on this dude but forreal ACC 222 wasn't that bad that semester.  If you never went to an econ class and tried to learn everything 2 days before the exam you would've done terribly as well""
""DO NOT TAKE BREWER!!!!!! I have no idea why there are so many smiley faces for this man. Basically my entire semester consisted of studying for accounting 202. His class was impossible. His tests are outrageously hard especially if you're not an accounting major. RUN FROM THIS MAN!""
""Dr. Brewer was a horrible teacher. He just did practice problems in class. Exams were 100x more difficult than those problems.  Had very low test average but did have a ~10% curve. Do not take this class with him!!!!! If anything"," take it in the summer!""
""the most important thing about this is class is to stay caught up with the material! do not try to learn everything a few days before the test. and try to stick it out until the end because the final really wasn't that bad.""
""Dr. Brewer is a brilliant man. He can teach you a lot and he is nice. His class is very challenging and his exams are difficult. You have to pay attention and study a ton to do decent. As stated in a previous comment by another student"," a huge number drop and/or struggle with his class.""
""Dr. Brewer is a really nice guy but his tests are very challenging. Good students still may not do well. His exam averages are in the 50's most of the time and a lot of students drop his class. He does have great knowledge of the subject though.""
""He is really nice guy and keep his course at a high standard level. His lecture is very clear and helpful. If you keep track of his lecture and keep practicing problems you will get a good grade! His class is definitely important if you are accounting major or want to know about accounting more deeply.""
""i got an A+ in ACC 221 and it all made complete sense to me. just finished the first exam in 222 and it was probably the hardest test i have ever taken!!! i did all the online homework", went to class," and studied a ton too!!""
""Best accounting professor I've ever had. Many of students said his exams are impossible. But to me", once you attend and participate his classes well," you can handle the exams. And he has a nice curve policy. TAKE HIS CLASS!""
""By far the best accounting professor I've had at Miami.  Dr. Brewer cares about his students and wants everyone to do well.  He has a good method of teaching -- going over cases and lots of practice problems before the exams. Exams are definitely difficult but not the end of the world.  I learned more in his class than any other class in college.""
""He is the best ACC professor ever. His class time is quite challenging but efficient and really helpful for studying. His test is not so hard if you follow him during class and finish his practice problems before exams.""
""In my opinion"," the best accounting professor.""
""his class was ridiculously hard and impossible.""
""hardest prof ever. I studied so hard and I got a 40% on the first exam", went into office hours and the man comparded accounting to golf. No matter how hard and how many times he plays golf," hell never be tiger woods...basically youre not gonnna get a hole in one!! DONT TAKE HIM YOU CAN HELP IT""
""Dr.Brewer is a great professor who cares about all of his students. For 333"," there was no homework but you better be prepared for the participation and attendance grade. The tests were somewhat difficult but doable. Dr. Brewer is very friendly and approachable. I highly recommend him for this class.""
""Overall good professor. He has the class set up as each week you take a """"mini-exam"""". This is a game-changer because it substitutes taking one big final exam. Just take good notes and read the chapters and you should be solid!""
""Class is broken up into 10 or so mini-exams which", with a couple homework's, make up all of your grade. As long as you stay up to date for the mini exams," the class isn't too difficult. Salzarulo is funny and entertaining during lectures and uses a lot of real life examples which can help to understand some of the more boring course content.""
""Amazing class"," amazing professor. He does weekly """"mini-exams"""" rather than your typical exams. This means you only have to study one chapter per week"," and not stress about a huge exam. Lectures are great and he constantly uses real-world examples. Very caring and funny and does what he can for you to get an A. Highly recommend Professor Salzarulo.""
""Good class", never less he could go a little bit deeper into the materia. But the fact, that he tells stories about the real professional live," gives you a good look regarding to your professional live.""
""I. Love. Dr. Salzarulo. Lectures are straight to the point and he provides a lot of insight through (surprisingly interesting) real-world applications. He does mini-exams once a week over one chapter"," which is so much easier to retain than through exams over many chapters. I loved this class and it inspired me to get a supply chain minor.""
""Dr. Salzarulo is one of my most memorable profs during my four years. He taught with respect and thorough explanation of topics while not wasting time. I wished I was a supply chain major so I could learn more from him.""
""No exams! Only super-quizzes each week. However"," don't do what I did and treat them like quizzes and not study for them. Its a nice change from going from exams that you cram for to just doing one chapter quizzes. Only graded by those quizzes and the couple of homeworks you have.""
""Pete is the absolute man"," he is 100% the teacher you should take for Supply Chain Management. While his tests are hard he does a great job of preparing you for them. He also has great real world experience which he applies to the course material to help you better understand it.""
""Probably the best teacher you can take for this course. Thoroughly explains theories and uses great examples. He really cares about his students and is overall a very effective teacher for a not so exciting topic!""
""He is very passionate about what he teaches and will go out of his way to help you understand difficult concepts. Take him for 302! Exam wise"," fluctuates between semi-easy to hard-you need to pay attention in class to fully understand concepts. Don't buy the book!""
""Pete is an all-around great guy.  This course was extremely straightforward- read the textbook now and then", listen to the lectures, and study a bit, and you're set for an A.  Pete wants everyone to do well," and he makes class interesting with stories.  Loved this class!""
""One of my favorite professors at Miami thus far. Tests are pretty much straight from lecture/powerpoints. Tests can be challenging"," so go to class and take notes. Great fun and great guy.""
""Peter Anthony Salzarulo - MGT 302. Really good professor"," would take another course taught by him.  Tests are straightforward from lectures and powerpoint slides.  Explains concepts clearly is always willing to stop and answer questions. Advice: go to the textbook website and do practice quizzes.""
""Different from the OTHER Salzarulo...good guy", makes class interesting, always has good current events/videos to show in class, tests are tricky," def need to come to class & take notes!! overall great guy!""
""good prof.  He is new and is also a townie from back in the day.  Lot of fun to mess around with""
""No Comments""
""Very tough course regardless who teaches it.""
""The most boring class ever"," with a good guy trying to improve it.""
""Would not recommend taking her. i took trig online w her and was lost the entire time. only does examples very fast in lecture and never explains concepts ever. when someone asks her to explain something she does it in a very confusing way and struggles sometimes. take someone else if you can""
""Prof Bailey is great she struggled with technology at first but got the hang of it. She is super helpful and I really liked her class! I would take again!""
""Very unorganized class", very nitpicky grader and expectations are very unclear. Prepare to spend more time finding her assignments than actually doing them, and don't expect quick responses on questions," because she doesn't respond for at least 24 hours.""
""A lot of work went into earning my A"," but I have to say she is a great and caring professor. I'm terrrrrrible at math and still earned an A. She will go over all your homework questions if you ask. Quizzes every Friday are rough but they help!""
""Prof. Bailey is super sweet and really cares about her students. She will answer ANY math question you have and is quick to respond to emails. She's a super quick grader which is great because I'm always anxious to know my test scores"," and in her class they were always good because her tests are very fair. She tells you what will be on them.""
""Tami is so sweet! Her class is more of group-based learning", so it is kind of a learns it yourself, class. If you're familiar with the content the class isn't hard. If you need help with anything she is always more than welcome to help you. Again, it is group-based so make sure you like the people you sit with! Overall," a kind teacher.""
""Prof Bailey is very nice and helpful if you ask. I definitely recommend going to her office hours if you are struggling because she will help you with whatever you dont understand. The first 2 weeks of the class are definitely the hardest"," so if you can make it through those weeks then you should be fine :) Also pop quizzes once a week.""
""Doesn't put grades in quickly so I had a C for most of the semester but other than that she's a good teacher but better 1-on-1. I learn better when they explain step by step but she usually just wrote the problem out and then barely explained after. She constantly has office hours so if you're struggling she's available for help. very nice woman.""
""she is the sweetest woman on the planet"," she's the reason I like math! definitely taking her again!!! if you have the chance to go to her office hours there is no way you could get a low grade. she wants everyone to do well and is always available after class.""
""She gives you like 1 example during lecture and expects you to be able to figure out the rest of the homework that she doesnt cover"," on your own. She also doesnt give extra credit so basically if you are failing you're screwed.""
""Professor Bailey is a sweetheart. If you show up to class and pay attention you will easily pass. Shes personable and would help you in a heartbeat. Theres quizzes every Friday where she cares more about the work than the answers. She does a lot of group work packets which will help you understand concepts better. I recommend taking her class.""
""She is super nice and always willing to help", you definitely have to work for that class and math center is really helpful in order to do good. Not much grading on homework," however quizzes every week.""
""Prof. Bailey was extremely nice and goes out of her way for her students. At times"," some of the in class group activities seem pointless but I found it helpful especially for tests. TAKE HER!!""
""She is a nice person but she doesn't know how to teach all she does is maybe give one example on the board and then gives you a packet and expects you to be able to do it with your group and then it turns into homework on top of other homework that she gives. Class isn't super hard just frustrating since she doesn't teach very well.""
""Professor Bailey gave limited notes in class but had you work with group members to figure things out which helped you to better learn it on your own. She was always happy to help if you didn't understand things. I felt the tests were easy if you did the study guides. I recommend her for sure!""
""There is a quiz every Friday", but those are not hard. You take the quizzes and feel confident about taking the exam," then the exam is completely different from anything you were taught. She also rarely teaches you. She wants students to teach themselves or have your table group help explain. I would never take this class with her again""
""She does not teach the material. Every class she assigns a packet of homework along with several problems from the book. She is available for help outside of class but that does not change the fact that she leaves the learning up to students on their own. I do not recommend taking her.""
""She seems like a nice person", but not a very good professor. I never understand half the things she is talking about and I am good at math. Whenever I ask a question, she rarely gives detailed answers leaving me confused. Also," her lesson plans seem random so you're not really sure what you're learning about. Utilize the math center and a tutor!""
""Awful professor. Does not explain how to do anything and grades tough. Shes nice but just gives packets and you are tested often. Would never take again.""
""Each class consisted of her doing a couple examples on the board", making us get into small groups and then throwing multiple packets for us to do, and then giving book work and having any packet that wasn't finished also due," then there is a quiz next class. If you go to her office hours she is a lot more caring and helps explain problems better.""
""CIS 163 was a blast with Ferguson. He made every lecture interesting and you could tell that he has had quite a lot of experience in the industry. If you are already passionate about learning programming", then this class will supercharge you! On the other hand, if you struggle with programming concepts," It will definitely be a challenge.""
""First of all", Professor Ferguson is not a very organized person, so it is kind of a mess taking his class online, but he is a good teacher and I enjoyed his class. But at the same time," his projects are all pretty long and the final exam was unnecessarily long and hard. So my advice is that take his class in person.""
""Ferguson is just all around a great guy. He is very honest in his feedback and WILL tell you his opinion"," no sugar-coating. He is very helpful in office hours and will work with you until you understand the material. He is extremely smart and knows what he's talking about. Very good prof for CIS 163. Wish I could have him for future classes :(""
""Dr. Ferguson's class was one of the best I have had. Even though I received a B"," I can say that I had a lot of fun taking his class. He prioritizes Projects and Tests as these are pretty much your whole grade. If you do take his class expect to put in around 8-10 hours a week on projects. You will not regret taking his class!""
""Dr. Ferguson is an amazing prof for CIS163. He really cares that students understand the material and gives a decent amount of help on the projects. This class is a ton of hard work but Ferguson makes it better and is somewhat understanding with grades. His lectures are easy to understand and engaging.""
""He is very caring and he wants his students to succeed! You can go to his office for hours on end if you need help with a project or just want to talk. He will make sure you understand the content. The book is used in class to show examples! There are 4 projects"," midterm and final. You HAVE to work hard to get a good grade but he will help you.""
""Best professor you will ever have. Do what you can to get in this guys class!!""
""He is an awesome professor very knowledgeable about computer science. The class is 4 projects which he helps you out on through the course in lecture. Also gives you VERY helpful hints if you go to office hours. He will tell you everything on the midterm", lab exam," and final but you still need to study for those because it is not an easy class.""
""Dr Ferguson is without a doubt one of Grand Valley State Universitys finest. He puts genuine effort into assuring the success of his students", but also doesnt sugar coat anything and will tell you like it is. His teaching style is understandable and effective," and truly prepares you before entering the real world. The class was structured great.""
""Prof Ferguson is certainly one of the best at grand valley if not the best in the CS department. He is extremely caring of his students and wants all of them to leave his class not just beater coders but more prepared for the workplace in general. He is very clear with projects and exams and is always ready to help with anything.""
""Cool dude thats really passionate and experienced in programming. He wants to make sure his students are well prepared and successful.""
""We had 4 projects", a midterm, and a final. We didn't use the book much. Ferguson makes you work for your grade, but you come out of his class far better off because of it. It's not the easiest class, but the quality is extremely high, and his lectures and humor are fantastic. An absolutely fantastic professor overall," would absolutely take again.""
""Overall Ferguson teaches the class really well and does a great job making sure students learn and understand the material. The projects can be challenging and he usually has fairly high standards for them"," but isnt clear with what he wants you to do on them at times. He was always available for help before/after class and during his office hours.""
""Professor Ferguson is AMAZING. You can DEFINITELY tell that he cares for his students and gives it his all. In his lecture you don't just learn how to code"," but also how function out there in the real world. For sure my favorite professor so far.""
""Hilarious", gives great lectures, understanding of student's having other classes, very knowledgeable," helpful one-on-one or in class. Tends to move through material very quickly but is prepared to slow down or repeat himself so long as you're willing to speak up. Easy grader and cares about his students and their understanding. Great Prof!""
""Very fast paced. The book is used often", though I somehow survived without it. Assignments are all projects, the difficulty of each one scales. He obviously cares about what he does, and offers help to anyone who wants it," and is willing to put in the effort.""
""Good Teacher. Very Knowledgeable and knows how to break things down to a level anyone can understand.""
""He is really enthusiastic about computer science and seems to love his job.  I would recommend going to class every day because he goes though material very efficiently and you are guaranteed to miss something. Definitely get a book because we used it for a test. We had 4 programs that got increasingly harder. The 3rd was a group project.""
""Dr. Ferguson really is a great guy. He intentionally makes his class challenging to make students ask themselves the question of """"Will I be happy in the computer science field?"""". He truly cares about his students and you can tell he loves his job. Very available outside of class for assistance or just to chat. Great and honorable professor.""
""Prof. Fergusor is a great guy", and he is a very good teacher. He not only taught the programming concepts necessary to become a developer, but helped to instill a sense of hard work and pride in your final product. That being said, he will not go easy on your projects," and will try to find any fault - just like the real world. Highly recommend!""
""Shows favoritism. NO clear consistency in grading.""
""This professor should be fired.  She shows so much favoritism it's wrong. She's hung up on all the small details and was 5 weeks behind for path.""
""Gret prof"," she is helpful and a good person!""
""Very hard but you learn so much!!""
""Terry on the outside seems like a helpfull person", but do not trust her.  She will stab you in the back faster than a NY minute.  She is a power ****," and not a happy person.""
""Best teacher ever!""
""Smartest woman I've ever met"," but treats you with great respect still""
""No Comments""
""No Comments""
""Would take class again"," best professor at GVSU""
""funny guy
""Very serious...", always. Extremely intelligent," I think he knows every cell and its location in the body. Very organized.""
""No Comments""
""tests are damn hard even when you know the material.  but makes lectures interesting.""
""Very smart man"," lectures are interesting.  Don't ask him for any help because he won't give you any.  Know EVERYTHING for the tests!!""
""The class was harder than expected"," but his lectures were always interesting. He is funny.""
""Best Professor I've had at GVSU.  His tests are easy if you know your information.  Very intelligent man"," and is willing to help if you ask for it.  He will be missed greatly in anatomy land!!!""
""Smart man.  Knows what he is talking about.  You need to study a lot to do good in the class.""
""hard exams"," but he can be fun""
""No Comments""
""Good prof.Knows notes VERY well! Willing to help"," but arrogant about it.""
""very hard class. Always so SERIOUS. If you dont have any background in anatomy don't plan on passing.""
""No Comments""
""You cannot pass!""
""he is very intelligent"," but is arrogant about it.  Talks to you in a  you're such an idiot  tone when answering your question.""
""If you love arrogance"," you hit the jackpot""
""Snobby and Jerkish", but hey," thats the way all british people are""
""Best professor at GVSU.""
""Very hard tests", hard to understand,"and wears annoyingly tight jeans""
""She went out of her way to embarrass students for dumb things like being late on the first day & going to the bathroom"," myself included. Class atmosphere was uncomfortable. She is slow to post grades. I've never met such a two-faced professor. Glad she's retiring so I don't have to see her. I haven't disliked a teacher so much since middle school.""
""When you aren't particularly gifted at math"," a good teacher can make all the difference. Professor Fackler is not that teacher. Her tests were hard for a gen ed math credit & her personality is akin to professor Umbridge from Harry Potter. If you are great at math you'll be okay but don't take her if not. You will be belittled for asking questions.""
""I loved Professor Fackler! Although she is retiring and will no longer be at Grand Valley she was still an amazing professor.  Professor Fackler was incredibly clear and had answers for all questions.  She really understood her students thinking process.""
""Tish was awesome. I had her for 110 and 122. I hated math before her classes", but now I don't mind it at all. She is a tough grader, but that helps you in the long run. She's super funny and nice, and I am sad this is her last semester. Overall," I would recommend her to everyone if she was going to be here another semester.   Thanks Tish! :)""
""I saw her go out of her way a couple times to humiliate students.  It seemed sort of weird and immature.  Other than that"," she's just okay--not great.  I wouldn't take her again.""
""ALWAYS show every bit of your work on quizzes or you won't get full credit. She's great if she likes you"," but don't get on her bad side. Do the assigned homework and you will pass with ease.""
""Prof Fackler was great! She would stop and clarify anything that you may have a question on and her office hours were always open to anyone who needed a little more help! I would recommend her to anyone who doesn't really understand Math!""
""I hate math"," but this class was honestly great. She's a great professor and truly cares how her students are doing. She makes the classroom atmosphere very comfortable and is super outgoing. Learning the material is super easy because of the way she teaches. Great professor. ""
""literally i only went to class for the tests. she treats everyone like they're in middle school and uses the book heavily. easiest class I've ever taken"," so regardless of the prof you'll be fine. she drops your 4 lowest quiz grades and the final grade takes the place of your lowest test. nice lady.""
""She offer's a lot of extra credit", but she does collect homework randomly and gives out pop quizzes. The test are pretty straight forward," but make sure you pay attention to her lecture because she moves fast! ""
""Prof Fackler has been my best math teacher at Grand Valley. She is very helpful especially if you go to office hours!   I would have not done good in this class if it wasn't for going to her office. Drops 2-3 lowest quizzes and replaces lowest test grade w your exam grade if you do better on the final. Very nice lady"," highly recommend. ""
""I thought Professor Fackler was a very nice lady"," but a horrendous teacher. I never missed class and I studied hard with even a tutor and didn't do well. Tests are extremely hard and she's a VERY hard grader. Wouldn't recommend her as a professor if you want strong grades.""
""I found to her be a very good mathematics teacher. I am weak in mathematics and she made it easy to understand. Gives bonus points on exams and a decent amount of extra credit. She's a strict grader though. If she asks for the equation remember to include f(x)= cause she's a stickler for that. She gives 12 quizzes and drops 2. Most are group based.""
""Not the worst professor ever", but not necessarily the greatest. Personality-wise, she's sweet and tries her best to connect to students. Her lectures are thorough and explained well. However, she's a VERY strict grader. She'll randomly hand out quizzes or collect homework," so try not to miss class. Take good notes and seek help when needed.""
""I hate math", so I took the foremost entry level class to the subject. Professor Fackler was very kind the first week of class. Slowly I started to notice that she was very rude and pretty much called all of us stupid without actually saying the words. Very disrespectful. Don't miss class. Always do your homework," never ask questions.""
""Prof Fackler is a very nice person and loves to teach math. She expects some level of mathematic skills before taking her class but I thought she was a great teacher. She's very nice and understanding and willing to spend her office time helping students. She gets to know everyone and wants them to do well. I loved her class! Do the homework though""
""She is an alright prof"," but she can be very sassy to the students she does't like. Make sure to take good notes because she makes you feel stupid when you ask questions""
""Great professor.  I highly recommend her for math 110.  I was terrible at math in high school and she completely changed that for me.""
""Extremely easy class"," makes things ridiculously easy. Just do the homework and you should be fine. Easy tests and quizzes. Only negative is that she can be condescending to students who ask questions when it's obvious they didn't pay attention to the original lecture.""
""Eh"," not the best teacher in my opinion. I don't recommend her. She doesn't treat you with much respect and is not very good at answering questions. She also collects homework sometimes for a quiz grade. So you better not have any questions on that and get everything right!.....bad method""
""Professor Mays is a great mathematics professor to understand"," her lectures are great and she offers a lot of help to any struggling students. Mays herself is very kind and caring. I highly suggest her for any mathematics class at GVSU.""
""Prof Mays was one of the best profs I've ever had. Her classes can get boring"," she cracks jokes and keeps it interesting. At the end of each class there's a """"quiz"""""," but you do it with your table and only turn in one. Her tests are easy and she tells you exactly what to study. There is homework after each class and she does collects it. TAKE HER!!""
""Professor Mays made math very easy to understand"," especially for someone that struggles! At the end of every class almost she gives """"quizzes""""", but you can work on them with a group of people which helps your grade a lot. She is VERY specific about what will be on exams, including the final," which was SUPER helpful!! Highly recommend!""
""Professor Mays is an ok teacher", nothing too special but nothing too awful. Her lectures are super boring - but it's math so you can't really blame her for that. She is straight-forward and honest about what's going to be on the exam. She has an in class assignment at the end of the majority of classes," which makes attendance mandatory.""
""She is a GREAT professor"," highly recommend to take her class. She explained the information really well and answers your questions. She gives out worksheets after every lecture to practice and then your table group has to turn one in for a grade. She cracks a couple of jokes once in a while so she kept us entertained. Highly recommend!!""
""She was a really good professor", and always took time to work through problems if a student had a question. I would 100% recommend her to anyone. She did assign quite a bit of homework, but it was always relatively easy," and always easy participation points.""
""She was a great teacher and went at a good pace. Her quizzes were basically group worksheets and she always gave you more than she counted"," taking your highest scores.""
""Such a good professor. She explained things very well in class and was always willing to explain more if people were confused. The homework is all out of the book and nothing online which is nice. Homework could take some time but she usually took some problems out of the assignments.""
""Jane seemed nice and she was available to help in class but her style of teaching included really understanding the material beforehand. I am not good at math so this was a very difficult class for me so if you're not very good at math and need a little more explanation I would not recommend taking her class", if you understand math," you'll be fine""
""She is a great professor who makes it easy to succeed in a difficult subject. She shows you different ways to do things including how to do almost everything on your calculator and gives formulas on tests.""
""Best professor ever. Helps you whenever"," and really cares for you!""
""Mays is very quirky but its obvious she cares about her students and understands that not everyone is a math whiz. As long as you do the homework you should be set for the test. Attendance is judged based on group """"quizzes"""" or worksheets done in class and she only counts the 1st 12. BUT"," lecture is important to pass the class.""
""This class included a great deal of homework problems each week"," that was very lightly explained in class. For the easiest math course available the professor needs to understand the students in her class are usually struggling in math and they need a more motivated professor to teach than normal. Which this professor was not. Homework and testing.""
""Wonderful person and teacher! Would definitely take her class again. She truly cares about your success and is very fair!""
""I loved Professor Mays for math 110. She really made the material as simplified and easy as possible to follow. She made sure that we could use our calculator and told us to solve the problems with it versus wasting time writing everything out. I would recommend her for any math class and she can be quite funny too. Easy A if you show up.""
""I am bad at math", and while I do believe I was at fault for my grade, this professor had an odd way of going about the content. She was lenient in giving homework points and quiz points, but was a very tough grader on tests. Most of the tests had problem that were not similar to homework problems which also bugged me. Average," but could be better.""
""At first impression I didn't think I was going to like Professor Mays. But lemme tell you. She is a VERY good teacher and cares about how you are doing. She goes over EXACTLY what is going to be on exams and quizzes are in groups. I would recommend her to anybody that struggles in math.""
""Professor Mays is AMAZING! Please take her! She cares so much for everyone and wants you to succeed. I was not a strong math-minded person coming into the class"," but I left the class very confident! She explains what you need to know extensively and always is available to help. I would take her again in a heart beat.""
""Very nice. Test are pretty easy. Honestly one of the most relaxed professors I've had.""
""Wonderful professor! She helped me", and many of others," quite a lot.""
""Good guy", lots of experience.  Sometimes drowns out innovative or critical material with personal stories that may or may not be politically correct," but very sharp and always willing to accommodate.""
""Long story short",  AVOID this professor at all costs. Lectures consists of him telling unrelated stories from the 70's and if you're lucky, very brief and vague explanations of class material. Forgets the answers to his questions sometimes. Somehow," I go a good grade thanks to his grading system but I learned NOTHING. ""
""I would never take this professor unless you absolutely have to. Lectures for 5 minutes", tells stories the rest of the time," and then when its time for the test he expects you to know every little detail and do a 2 hour test in 50 minutes.""
""He spend most of the class telling stories barely related the the course description. It felt like he did not prepare for any classes. He was very disorganized and bad at using Blackboard.""
""Very flexible about assignment due dates. Grading scale is generous. Had to do a lot of guessing on assignments and the midterm exam since they were extremely loosely based on the lectures. Very unclear when answering questions and assigning homework. Expect to do a lot of your own thinking. Deadlines were never stuck to.""
""His class lectures were horribly boring"," and he spent most of the time telling stories which were not relevant. I emailed the professor three times throughout the semester with questions and never received a response. His experience is 30+ years old. I've since completely changed my schedule to make sure I'll never take a class with him again.""
""Very nice guy. His opinions are out there sometimes", but he's funny and he's nice. I wish we'd read more material relevant to Liberal Studies instead of just material relevant to his beliefs," but oh well. He cares a lot about his students.""
""This guy is ridiculous. We are supposed to be learning how to apply our knowledge in the field of Computer Science and he's blabbing on about telephones. Completely useless professor that should have retired years ago. He often laughs at his 'non-jokes' and doesn't go anywhere with his lecture. I've already contacted the suicide hotline.""
""Prof Jorgensen is a great professor.  I have taken him before and he is a fair grader", very clear," and adds humor to the class.  I have another graduate course with him in the Fall and I am looking forward to it.""
""Well", I'm really not sure why he teaches lib or what the point of that course is...but I still got an A. Really nice guy," and super easy class.""
""absolutely terrible prof. i dropped this gen ed class because he was so bad. he had no idea what he was teaching or anything about the program we were learning so advanced students in the class were actually teaching. you can't pay attention during lectures because all you can hear is your brain melting out of your ears. do not take this prof.""
""this class was a joke....very boreing and very easy.  I dont really know what he was talking about half the time but you do learn about his indian friends on the reservation...?  this class is the easiest for lib100 by far!""
""very boring class", but super cute old man...he reminds me of santa! i still don't know what a liberal education is, but an extremely easy class," aside from the fact that there is a TON of reading. one test. your best bet for lib 100.""
""so i dont think he even knows what hes teaching--and youll learn alot about the indian res. in south dakota. hes a nice guy", very friendly...but you will be itching to get out of class...and dont expect to really know what a liberal education is.  no tests or anything- but theres a ton of reading.  for lib," hes your best bet""
""a great grading scale", pretty much impossible to fail in this class unless you do not do your weekly reflection on the boring material. he was a wierd guy, but very nice and compassionate. you never have to stay the whole class period. when you are finished having a discussion about the dry material," you can go. its very easy but boring""
""Awesome prof", brings a lot of his own experience into the material. Has a good sense of humor, laughs at his own jokes a lot which is funny. Grading system is different but works," keep up with reading and you're set. Tests weren't hard as long as you took something from the class.""
""If you want to expand your horizons"," then take a course from Jorgensen.  He knows how to apply the abstract in a very practical fashion.  He also has a good sense of humor.""
""The previous person must be totally lost.  Ferguson teaches 463 - not Jorgensen.""
""Since we didn't see him what-so-ever during this class...he was great.""
""Very unclear assignments and grade criteria. Good on the first half of the semester but learned nothing on the second half of the semester.""
""One of the best professors I have ever had at Gv so far! the class is very easy to follow I took him online and only had 4 assignments no quizzes or test", and even though history is boring sometimes he made the class very interesting with the way he teaches," I would take him for any subject if I could!""
""Genuinely one of the most amazing people you will ever meet. His knowledge is so vast and his life experiences are incredible. He cares for his students and the subjects he teaches. His class may not be an easy A"," but it is so insanely worth it. Take his class. Youll be so glad you did.""
""Professor Buckridge is an amazing professor. I have absolutely no bad words to say about him or his teaching style. I would take this class again honestly"," especially since I missed out on half of a semester with him due to Covid-19.""
""Professor Buckridge was my favorite professor that Ive had. His lectures were engaging", he was funny, and I learned so much. You have to work for your grade," but an A is obtainable.""
""Brilliant guy. Knows African history inside and out", gives intriguing lectures, and grades very mercifully. If you show up to class and pay attention," his honors class was a breeze.""
""I loved having Professor Buckridge for AAA200. You certainly have to actually attend all classes", but they're all interesting and he is hilarious. As long as you take good notes its easy to pass all the quizes and exams. Few things go in the grade book, but its simple quizes, one big paper," and a midterm and final. Would definitely recommend!""
""Great Prof. He's one of the most interesting people I've met and tells great life stories. As long as you show up to class and take decent notes", it'll be cake. There's 2 quizzes, 2 exams," and a final paper which are all quite easy if you ask me. You won't regret taking Prof Buckridge.""
""Professor Buckridge is such a great professor. By far one of the most interesting people I've met which made going to class easy. He's very understanding to students who show up to class and listen", but gets annoyed with those who don't. The two tests and two quizzes are easy as long as you take good notes," he'll tell you what you should know.""
""To start off", Professor Buckridge is so attractive so it may be a little hard to focus. Personally," I learned so much from his class. One of my favorite class I took at GV. He is very knowledgeable. You must take good notes if you want to pass. All test/surprise quizzes are based on your notes. You will not need the textbook so don't purchase it.""
""Professor Buckridge is an amazing professor", and I would recommend him to anyone. It is hard to get an A in the class, but easy to get an A-. 2 tests each semester are worth 2/3 of your grade," and their is a lot of writing required for the class. Discussions however made the class all worth it. The prof is the most interesting person I have met.""
""Took him for understand Africa. The course was not difficult"," a very easy A.""
""Professor Buckridge is a great prof", very knowledgeab and a well rounded, interesting individual. HOWEVER,"He gives no slide shows for lectures so you must write notes by what he is saying. He will write key terms on the board but you have to write down all he says and half the time I can't keep up. Nice professor but not a fan of teaching style.""
""Mr. Buckridge is a great teacher who is very passionate about what he teaches. Tips for his class: 1. DO NOT hand write your notes", he talks a lot and fast.  2. participate in class, he does grade you based on participation  3. create a short & simple study guide before each quiz and you'll get an easy A 4. he will tell you need the book," you don't""
""Dr. Buckridge is easily my favorite professor so far", and one of the most interesting people I've ever met. I will probably go out of my way to take another of his classes in the future. Definitely go to his office hours for your paper and start writing it early," that'll ensure that you get a good grade and a paper you're proud of. Easy grader.""
""Professor Buckridge is an amazing teacher and it's obvious he really cares about his students. He is well-traveled and is incredibly successful. The best part about his class is the slides and stories he tells about his travels at the end of the semester. It was a privilege to be taught by him.""
""All he ever did was lecture", and he talks so fast that you're hand hurts within minutes from trying to keep up in notes. There are no outlines, and he skips around a lot depending on his mood. He was very pompous. There is a huge research paper that he gives only vague guidelines on. On the other hand," he gives good study guides for exams.""
""Professor Buckridge is by far the best professor that i've had at grand valley. His lectures were extremely interesting. He's an amazing professor. His passion for history really shows. If you attend lectures and really listen", the class is super easy. 2 quizzes, 2 exams," 1 paper. not bad at all. take this professor. i promise he's worth it!!!""
""He just lectures without anything to guide you except occasionally he will use overheads or write on the board. There were two quizzes", two exams," and a paper. He gives you a study guide for the exams but not quizzes. You must come to class to past because almost everything is on the notes. Willing to work one on one especially with the paper. ""
""He's is super in to what he does and makes the class really interesting. He sets up his lectures to help organize notes and makes a point to tell you the details you absolutely need to know. He cares greatly about his students and there future after school.   ""
""He's a cool Jamaican guy that's super in to what he does and makes the class really interesting. He sets up his lectures to help organize notes and makes a point to tell you the details you absolutely need to know. ""
""Pretty unorganized with syllabus", readings, and general daily lectures. We had a small class, so she definitely noticed if you didn't come or submit something on time. Tries to be helpful, but often made it more confusing. Lectures seemed to be catered to those who had more knowledge on the subject already. Very nice lady," but not a great teacher.""
""Without a doubt the worst class I have taken at GV. She changes the syllabus several of times and is never sure of what to do. An absolutely ridiculous grader. More than several of the students did not pass the class. If you are scheduled to take her"," GET OUT NOW.""
""She is a great professor!! If you take the time to meet with her to discuss projects or other work", she will really do everything she can to help you. Very easy to talk to. A bit disorganized at times," but it really doesn't affect her teaching or the class really. She is very flexible and will change the syllabus to meet the needs of the class.""
""Very disorganized. Very frustrating. She changed my grade on blackboard multiple times after already giving me points for assignments. Asked for assignments back that she graded so that she could re-enter my grades. She gets off subject a lot. Surprisingly she is getting an award for teaching...God help us.""
""constantly changing what is mandatory for the assignments and what is good or bad for the assignment. On the same paper took off points for certain thing and later in paper wrote """"great"""".""
""Dr. Underwood is really a great professor. She is a little disorganized at times"," but will do anything to help you. The class isn't hard but time consuming. She will work with you and is flexible pushing back due dates.""
""She is so disorganized. Literally modified the syllabus 5-6 times throughout the year.""
""disorganized", kind of mean. Didn't seem to care about individual students," and didn't let students fill out evaluations at the end of class.""
""Knowledgable"," but rather disorganized. Vague assignments that were graded very hard considering.""
""Gave us the option of doing a journal instead of an essay!  I loved it and it helped me get a better grade!""
""Horrible professor. a feminist who needs to be brought back into the real world. decided to hand out a group presentation due the day before our final exam.""
""One of the best classes I've ever taken.  She knows her stuff and helps guide discussion.  Outstanding"," highly recommended.""
""One of the least biased teachers I have had. Encourages discussion rather than rote page-turning. EXCELLENT.""
""Great Class", she is an easy grader on papers if you follow guidelines.  She is unorganized, forgets what she tells the class," but is pretty reasonable.""
""Interesting teacher. There was a lot of reading and a lot of notes", but if you came to class and did the homework, it's a fairly simple class. Study guides were very helpful, if you use them to study," there is no reason not to get an A.""
""Knows her stuff",and is willing to get together outside of the classroom,for whatever reason,"if just to talk.Her lectures were a little...confusing...she jumped around a lot.But i think i might take her again...maybe...""
""She knows her stuff and provided ample learning opportunities.  While she is a little tough"," she makes you think.  Only take her if you are willing to open your mind to other ideas than the ones you already have.""
""She is a terrible professor. Doesn't respect others opinions. If your aren't a feminist"," your in trouble. I believe in equal rights but I also believe that people have the right to make their own choices. She doesn't.""
""She's pretty damn unorganized.. but this IS NOT A HARD CLASS. All you do is write a journal", pay attention to readings (skimmable), raise your hand every once in a while," and be nice to her.. you'll do fine. Projects were a laugh.. one with a movie and one about your family background. Damn easy.""
""She doesn't take into consideration your point of view. In her mind", only she can be right in a class that is very much based on opinion. Thinking differently will get a markdown. She's also very unorganized," and adds it into a student's grade if he/she doesn't compensate for that.""
""Even though this was a COVID-19 semester", Anton did such a great job trying to make it somewhat normal! He is easily approachable and wants to help you succeed in his class. He knows that this is a hard class and you have to put in the work but he will help you with whatever often. Overall," really great professor and a really interesting class.""
""He's definetly a nice guy", but he is very specific about what he wants. All his quizzes and tests are ones he makes himself, and he asks very tricky, co fusing or philisophical questions which are very hard to get right. He knows alot about communication, but if you cant keep up with his overloading of info," it's going to be a rough time.""
""He really gets into his lectures and cares about teaching. Hes really funny and keeps your attention. The class wasnt that fun bc of all of the readings and quizzes but if you do the work you will be prepared and get an A""
""Corey Anton is a great professor. Easy A. Midterm and Finals you read you all good. Very clear. Get out of class early. Take home portions for Midterms and finals really easy basically  the class is you read and explain what you think the author is trying to say in the reading in short paragraphs. I would take this class over again.""
""Dr. Anton really cares for his students", but only if you put the effort in. He makes a 3 hour class actually fun and is able to relate the course work to our daily lives. He also loves to rant about societies problems, especially millennials," which is really funny""
""Prof. Anton was one of the best and most genuine professors I've had at Grand Valley. He is so enthusiastic and cares deeply about the discussion and understanding of the curriculum. His class was and the material that he had us read was challenging but though provoking. All but one of the pieces you read are posted online on BB.""
""Corey is such a good guy. Honestly", he really cares about his students and he is very intelligent. I learned so much from him and the way I think is completely different after this class. Incredible prof. You have to read a lot in his class. It is not books, but readings online. Tests are 5 multiple choice, one short answer," and three essay.""
""I loved Corey Anton", he knows exactly what his talking about. The reading are a little hard to understand but that's exactly why you want to work harder to comprehend them. Syllabus says pop-quizzes but he actually let's you know when they're gonna be. Overall I learned so much," even beyond communication.""
""I didn't have the chance to take Anton until my senior year this past semester", and I'm glad I was able to. Easily one of my favorite and also most influential professors I had at GV. He's enthusiastic, very knowledgeable, kind," and encouraging. Both this class and this professor had a positive influence on me. Thanks Anton!""
""Please don't take it lightly when I say he's the BEST professor I've had at GV. He's the first prof I had that actually made me excited to learn. The material was hard"," but he explains it well and in a goofy way. Super down-to-earth guy. Wish I had him for every class. Take him if you can!""
""Want to learn about communication theories? Don't take this class. I learned about other classes who talked about ACTUAL theories. Not here. He makes you read philosophical articles and then the talks about them the whole class period. Can be interesting", but should be in philosophy," not communication. ""
""Anton is one of my favorite prof's at grand valley he is very intelligent and kind. The material and course load was not easy but he is there for you and you learn so much in his classes. Take him if you can. ""
""You can easily see how passionate he is about the subject. He really knows what he is talking about. It takes a little bit to get past his quirkiness but is overall a great teacher and class. I thought the class would be difficult but with him as the professor it actually wasn't too bad to understand. He's always willing to answer questions too.""
""One of my favorite profs so far at GV. He's clearly interested in what he teaches", and it shows. He explains things very well, though you still need to do the reading to do well. Overall, this is really one of those classes where you get out what you put in. Do the readings, take good notes," and you'll have a good experience with it.""
""His classes are very """"think outside the box"""" but he is an amazing professor and knows his stuff. He's always willing to explain things and has a great sense of humor. Highly recommended.""
""One of my favorite professors of my college career. He's incredibly intelligent and engaging. He'll definitely make you think. Take him if you can.""
""As hard as this class is"," he's the perfect prof to teach it. His lectures are so eye-opening and engaging. Every class you leave with your mind blown. Easily my favorite prof at GV.""
""Amazing Professor. Definitely wasn't sure of the class before I signed up", but I am thankful that I did. No real textbook used, but the readings he assigned were amazing. His class makes you think a lot, and changes the way you think. Very animated, funny," and interesting.""
""Anton is a very eccentric teacher", but he's passionate about the subject. If you show up to class," read and actually ask questions and everyone contributes you will do fine. Be prepared for pop quizzes.""
""Prof. Anton is one of the best profs i've ever had. He is really excited about the subject he teaches", very good at giving accurate feed back, and encourages students to express their ideas. He makes class interesting. You have to attend class though to understand the material," but its worth it!""
""Not the best at teaching online. Lecture videos sometimes left me more confused than I started. Was unwilling to give help or answer questions over email if you missed virtual office hours. Did not provide answers to online Mastering hw or study guides to check your work unless you joined her office hours and asked her.""
""I took this class as a freshman. I did my work but would sometimes forget to do my online HW. I lost a family member in a very traumatic way and asked her for at least an hour extension and she didn't care. For a freshman who doesn't really understand what is going on"," I'd try and find someone who cares a little more than she does.""
""Inconsiderate professor. Easy content and complex assignments. Not willing to give feedback on assignments before due date. Horrible at giving directions. Pre-labs along with labs are graded extremely hard.""
""Explains labs very poorly. If you ask her to look at your lab report she says it looks """"perfect"""" but then once you turn in it she will knock off points for things you are missing. She refused to give feedback on my lab partner's report. Very unclear on what she expects throughout lab. Everyone is so lost in this class. She's a nice person though.""
""this class is difficult", but doable if you put in the effort. she lectures fast so being in class & taking good notes is very important. i met with her during office hours very often and she was always willing to help & is actually very kind. so as long as you put in work," you will do fine in class.""
""Fantastic professor. She loves what she does and is truly incredible to listen to talking about Biology. She is very helpful all you have to do is ask! A week looks like this: Everyday you will take DETAILED notes (pay very close attention) and Exams are at the end of every chapter. This class is mostly scored off of exams. There is Ex credit.""
""She seems really nice and friendly", but she is oddly not understanding at all. She also isn't flexible, there's not really any room for change or error. She is very knowledgeable about what she's teaching, I just didn't feel like I understood what was going on," and didn't feel like I could really be listened to.""
""Professor Zeman makes it clear what info you needed to know and what you don't. She goes very fast and assumes everyone takes notes on the powerpoint. I dealt with a family emergency and reached out to her and her response was very rude. Overall", she explains the concepts fairy well and offers a lot of extra credit," but can also be kind of rude.""
""Zeman's lab was typical in the workload- the only real issue I had with her was how intimidating she was in class. She was always very sharp and seemed angry most of the time during lab. But"," she was more kind and helpful once you showed her that you were trying your best. She is more approachable and patient during office hours.""
""Professor Zeman is an amazing professor who genuinely cares about the success of her students. She makes herself available outside of class and is very helpful"," even though she can be a little intimidating. She gives lots of extra credit and clearly explains what her notes mean. Great teacher for biology!""
""Bio 120 is already a difficult class", it doesnt help that the teacher constantly bamboozles her students with misleading lectures that emphasize topics that may not be on the exams at all or, if are, are only 1 or 2 questions. She doesnt give exam reviews," and her exams are way more in depth than lecture. U need to read the book and study the book!""
""Zeman is the sweetest person ever. She is so helpful in office hours if you have any questions. She gives you slides to write on to help follow along. She recommends to look at some pages in the book", however I never did and I did just fine," so you don't really need the book just the online code for homework. Super easy class. TAKE HER!!!""
""Tough class and not many assignments so don't screw anything up!""
""When you talk to her about the course itself it always seems as though she is belittling you. you can ask 100 questions about the assignments", when you do as she says she marks down. If she tells you that your results look right, including the statements," you may wanna look over them because she will mark down for little things.""
""She is not willing to discuss any matter and doesn't go as in depth as she expects on her exams""
""Zeman is the best! She is very straight forward with lectures and is super helpful during office hours. She wants her students to do well and she offers a lot of extra credit for article work so do them! No hw only a couple in class activities.""
""Gets to the point but explains things fast""
""She gives LOTS of extra credit which all goes towards your upcoming test", she's great for that
""Professor Zeman's class was good. She has really good lectures that are full of information. If you miss a class"," it's hard to catch up because she discusses so much and you take so many notes. She also gives out a lot of extra credit which helps your grade out a lot. I recommend Professor Zeman if you like a good challenge but good outcomes!""
""Bio 120 is a very hard class to begin with. No matter who your professor is"," it is going to be a lot of studying to do well on the tests. Professor Zeman's lectures covered all of the material that was on the exams. She offers help in her office hours very often. As long as you go to her lectures and study before exams you will do fine.""
""Great professor. Knows how to derive pretty much every equation used and he shows you in class so you really understand what is going on.  He is very helpful outside of the classroom a really great guy.  If you get him in the fall you will get a surprise on halloween. Projectslabs  are awesome. Take this guy.""
""Great professor"," goes over all topics thoroughly and is always in his office if you need extra help""
""Professor Aboufadel does a great job going in-depth on all topics covered. He gives time every class to check the ungraded homework from the previous class", and will walk the class through a few problems before starting his next lecture," which is basically just a series of new problems to walk you through.""
""gets upset real easy",  sometimes avoids answering questions," not sure whether he knows what he is teaching.""
""Basic Calc 1 class. Some of this teaching methods are a little childish", but he does know what he is talking about. The homework in class is not mandatory," but you will have a hard time keeping up in class if you do not do it. The projects for this class are very minimal as well.""
""He's Grand Valleys Math Board of Directors so he is really strict and by the books. I was doing alright until the final exam"," which was a bunch of things he crammed into the end. A lot of group work. Don't recommend.""
""Good teacher with a weird sense of humor.  Very clear
""Great teacher. even if you're not very good at math", he's a good teacher to take this class with. He explains things better than any other math teacher I've ever had," and is always willing to give you extra help. do the homework even though it's not required and go to class and you should do fine""
""He's a really nice person", and is really smart, but his class was really difficult for me. There was a fair amount of homework and a quiz every week, just make sure you do the homework! The quiz points add up fast," so start off right. His final exam was impossible though.""
""The class wasn't bad if you actually put the work into it. The proof portfolio turns out to be pretty easy if you start it right away and turn in your drafts. You do have to go to class though because the book does not explain things well and he does a pretty good job and gives lots of examples.""
""Dr. A is a great teacher. He explains material thoroughly and cares about the students doing well. You have to come to class because the book is not very helpful.""
""I was really looking forward to this class", but came out feeling a little cheated. He uses Maple a lot - didn't help me one bit! I went to his office a lot for help, and felt like he thought I was somewhat unintelligent. Although I felt he explained things well in class," his tests always seemed really hard. Be prepared to work for your grade.""
""very large emphasis on computer use.  exams include using """"MAPLE"""".  uses many examples", but simplest of examples only.  does well to help those who don't have a clue, but if you understand mostly and ask for clarification, he doesn't answer.  good if you don't have a clue, but other than that," it's mostly """"look what MAPLE can do"""".""
""not very helpful"," condecending.""
""Took a special topics course on wavelets", thought it would be interesting," turned out to be awful... :(""
""Excellent professor", sometimes kinda weird in explaining things if you ask a question in his office or in class. Gives a lot of points to work with. Isn't very leinient with mistakes and doesn't do extra credit. You could think you'd get an A," but you wont. Puts a lot of points in the last 2 weeks.""
""OMG! TOTALLY IMPOSSIBLE! This class was supposed to be easy (or so I was told) but he makes it hard! If you have to take this class AVOID HIM! If you have him for anything else I guess he'd be ok.""
""Goofy!""
""No Comments""
""One of GVSU's finest!""
""PMat is a more traditional professor who really cares about her students. The class is going to be hard and the tests/quizzes are very specific. However", her lectures are very comprehensive and she makes them engaging. She may come off as passive-aggressive," but she's actually very accommodating. She also has a lot of experience to share.""
""Professor Matthews is a very nice individual", but personally I did not prefer her teaching style during the pandemic. The grade is based off of roughly 3 exams, 5 quizzes, and 3 homework assignments. She posts 1.5-2 hour lecture videos weekly," and her quizzes/exams are extremely specific.""
""Heres the deal. A lot of people over react when it comes to PMat. Bio 355 is a hard class and requires a lot of work and time"," but it is doable. She is very nice in office hours but can sometimes send harshly worded emails. I felt bad that a lot of people reported her and sent mean emails. She is older and trying her best online&shes a good prof""
""She is very condescending when it comes to emails. Expects a lot from you and will not take suggestions to help better her class. She always has an excuse. Exams are short answer/matching/written. Complains when students misinterpret her expectations. Overall bad experience. Sad because I do love genetics.""
""I got a C+ with a curve & that is my only non A I have ever received in my college career (Im a senior). The tests and quizzes are over the most minute details from the slides or textbook & when you ask her about it"," she is so condescending with her response. I wish i never would have taken this class with her - giant mistake.""
""PMat is a sweetheart & tries her best to make sure all of her students succeed. The class is very difficult but her office hours are extremely accessible and she is prompt through email. With everything online she has allowed open note quizzes which has helped a lot. You can easily be successful but make sure to watch lectures and ask questions.""
""Dont take her. She sends out rude emails and if you email her back she even more rude. Shes not cut out to teach online classes and cant communicate with her students politely. Shes unorganized and she doesnt understand how to use BB. Her quizzes are short answer and confusing af. Just dont take her if you still like genetics.""
""The worst professor I have ever had throughout college. She is very passive-aggressive and gives off a condescending tone all the time. Whenever you email her"," she will respond rudely and make you feel dumb. Her quizzes are literally out there to get you. She asks the most irrelevant questions which are fill in the blanks and vague. Avoid her!!""
""Grade is based on 5 quizzes", 2 exams, and final. All telling detail: a T/F question about mitochondrial enzymes, which wasn't anywhere on the slides. I asked about it, she pointed to a picture of the mitochondria with an enzyme and said we should've known what it meant. She did give me 4 points that I argued for," but she was a terrible prof.""
""19 semesters & 3 degrees", by far she's the worst prof I've ever had. I studied 3x more than any other class, went to office hours weekly, and still worried I wouldn't pass. I asked if she has trick Q's and she said no," then explained to me for 15 mins that she does have trick Q's so the school statistician doesn't think she's giving away A's.""
""She needs to retire", like now. I spent so much time and effort on this class and could not get higher than a C on a quiz, an exam, or the final. If you want to watch your GPA tank, be my guest. She could care less if she gives you the material to pass and told me to stop worrying about my C and do better," kind of hard if you don't help me PMat...""
""This class was the worst thing that has ever happened to me. The professor knocks confidence down and made students feel so stupid. Don't even bother emailing her or asking questions because she pretty much just says you should know this and is very passive aggressive. Just save your mental health and take a different prof or class.""
""This professor was the worst prof I have had since I have been here (Junior). She made me feel super stupid when I asked questions and would not even answer me. The tests and quizzes were absolutely ridiculous. I knew that material inside and out and still could only get in the C range on them. I'd suggest you drop this prof. So not worth the hurt.""
""One of my least favorite professors. Became very condescending to students", lacked professionalism, and allowed her physical health, and pride, to affect her teaching. All tests are application based over minute details, no opportunities to practice this application prior to tests. Take another professor if possible," or at a different college.""
""Took her for BIO 355. She puts little to no information on the lecture slides and then grades on every small thing she said in class. Her exams are incredibly hard and very vague. She is a tough grader and often makes you feel dumb when you email her with a question. Would recommend taking a different prof for genetics if possible.""
""Professor Matthews has been amazing! She does grade kind of tough but she gives you everything you need for the class in her lecture slides. You may have to look more in-depth into the genetic diseases", there is some stuff she puts in exams that you don't go over sometimes. But her lectures are great," go to them!""
""This teacher seems like a sweet old lady and she is! however her tests and quizzes are unnecessarily hard and she makes it extremely difficult to get a good grade on them. beware""
""The quizzes and exams are quite hard but she makes sure you learn the material. Tells a lot of stories in class but wouldn't recommend skipping lecture because of all the side comments. She drops the lowest quiz or exam and the final is a majority of old questions from previous graded things. I would recommend if you want to actually learn genetics""
""Probably your best bet for genetics. She's not AMAZING but I've heard she's the best prof for genetics you can get at GV. Her lectures were very interesting but she is a very tough grader. She marked me wrong for giving too much information even though I had the answer correct. Quizzes are usually matching without a word bank.""
""Dont take her. Exam and quiz questions are insanely vague. She doesnt give very good feedback. If you write something a certain way and she doesnt like it"," its wrong. Even if you were correct but she doesnt like the way you did it. Wrong. Goes off on a lot of side stories too. Maybe Im biased but that annoyed me.""
""Five non-cumulative exams and one paper where you study an adolescent. The lectures alone are just him and his monotone voice talking the entire time", no slides or anything remotely useful," but you are required to take notes. Any info on the exams comes solely from the textbook.""
""Paszek is genuinely a good professor if you love lectures. Make sure you take extremely good notes and READ THE TEXTBOOK. You need to know terms and put those terms into context for tests. There is one big paper at the end of the term and an EC with it so do both"," start early. Use Vital Source for the textbook to save $ and is helpful for the paper""
""The information in this class was really interesting and he was a really nice professor. I thought the lectures were interesting but he would only cover a very small amount of the material that we needed to know and he writes very little on the board so it was challenging for me to take good notes. Reading the book is necessary and lengthy!""
""I really enjoyed this class! There are exams every two weeks", which seems like a lot but each are over only two chapters. They are easy to study for," especially when you do the chapter readings. There were 5 papers throughout the semester but they didn't have a length requirement and were very straightforward. Highly recommend Prof. Paszek!""
""Do not take Paszek for PSY364 unless you can stand to sit through super boring lectures. He lectures out of the book and writes maybe 5 words on the board all of class so you have to be listening to what he says. Also the exams are pretty hard and does not even cover what he lectures. Also can be pretty rude.""
""He only grades on six things"," five exams (non-cumulative) and one paper. The paper is easy you just have to study a child. The only bad part of his class was the informal notes. He doesn't do slides or anything he just writes on the board. Just write down everything he says and study your notes you should do good.""
""I didn't think I'd do well with Paszek but his class was actually really easy. He is monotone but everything that he says shows up on the tests so take good notes. You really can't miss a class if you want to do well because of how lecture heavy the class is. Overall"," Paszek is a great guy and a solid choice for a prof!""
""I loved Professor Paszek", he's really funny and gives good lectures. He's monotone but he throws in jokes a lot, so it's not as bad as people make it out to seem. You need to read the book, 80% of the exams are based on lecture, 20% from the book (for a few exams I just did the book vocab and would get high B's). No final," 1 paper which is easy""
""Prof. Paszek is super funny and is SO nice if you go to his office hours! The tests are pretty hard and you absolutely HAVE to read out of the book or you will not pass the exams. He can be monotone"," but he adds in humor at times.""
""Nice professor", but very monotone. Going to class is mainly a waste of time, but he would sometimes play a video and have questions about it on the exams. He doesn't do PowerPoints," so you need to pay attention if you want to take notes. I recommend focusing on your textbook if you want to pass.""
""READ THE TEXTBOOK. Professor Paszek is a good professor", but boring. I fell asleep most class days. I did well in the class because of the textbook," you won't pass unless you read the textbook.""
""Very funny", laid back prof! Exams every other week, but only covers 2 chapters of the book and no cumulative final. However," you need to read and fully understand the chapters to do well as only a small portion of the exam is covered through lecture. There's 5 essays in total and all very easy as long as you describe and applied them to your life.""
""Paszek has a great personality", but I wasn't a fan of the class in general. Lectures were kind of pointless
""Prof. Paszek is hilarious! The material is basic and little studying is needed to get a good grade. As long as you read the chapters and go over your notes before an exam", you'll do fine. He writes few things on the board," so take notes on what he says. Loved this class!""
""We have 7 non-cumulative exams", including the final being non-cumulative. We also had 5 papers due, which are an easy 10 points each. Each exam is over 2 chapters," so its not too hard to learn and study for. Exams are 40 questions all MC. I would definitely take him for PSY 364.""
""I took this class in the summer & there were 3 exams & a paper. It's a lot of reading but if u read the chapters & study them throughly you'll do good. Go to class too cause what he lectures in class tells you what to focus on in the reading. A lot of ppl seem to struggle with this class & it's probably cause they didn't read. Overall solid choice.""
""Dr Paszek tested primarily on information he lectured on so I would advise going to class. Not overly exciting"," but Dr Paszek was straight forward and fair
""Easily the worst professor in the Psychology Department that I have seen. His lectures are less than worthless
""not a bad prof. really dont need to go to class but you need to read the textbook. gives 7 exams all over about 2 chapters maybe 3 each. includes 5 papers but they're more like summaries (very easy grader when it comes to them) at the end of the semester those equal out to an exam. kinda dry boring lectures"," but he throws in a lot of dad jokes""
""Pretty boring class for the most part. Tests were really hard. He only taught like 40% of what was on the exam and you had to take a lot of time to read the book if you want to do well. Overall Don was a goofy guy and tried to make the class entertaining by sharing jokes really only he laughed at though. No final. Just exams and papers.""
""Amazing guy", whole grade is based on 4 tests," just study and youll be fine .""
""Jim is such a great prof. Easiest class of my life", never used the textbook although he says you will. All of the notes are in a powerpoint on black board. His lectures can be pretty dull," but Jim really makes the class. I'd highly recommend him for BMS100.""
""I found the class to be really laid back", and the subjects we disscussed were very interesting. But there are only 4 exams, and attendence counts toward your grade. If you aren't a good test taker like me, I wouldn't recommend this course. The teacher is kind of funny and really chill," but I never felt like I could come to him with any questions.""
""YOU NEVER HAVE HOMEWORK! easy gen ed as long as you study for the tests
""This prof is very friendly and easy to talk to. He is helpful with any questions you have and good at responding to emails. He knows his material very very well and makes the class fun. I had it at 9:00 am and enjoyed going. You don't use your book often and there are pop quiz type things called one min papers.""
""good professor.  The book is not needed as the exams are over the lectures.  The final grade is a combination of 4 exams and attendance"," so go to class.  If you're looking to knock out a gen-ed I would suggest him.""
""He keeps class interesting for the most part. He makes the material really easy to understand. he keeps the class pretty light", with pretty much no homework other than studying for the exams. Sometimes exams had material that wasn't on the study guide, so be prepared for that. I would HIGHLY recommend this class," useful material and great prof!""
""This is a great course for non science majors. Extremely interesting lectures to people who are interested in health on a surface/lifestyle level. Reading is unnecessary -- don't spend money on the book. Print out notes and study guides from blackboard. Go to every class", take notes," and pay attention. Easy A.""
""Kind of a boring class"," but the professor is awesome. Such a cool guy and makes the material fun to learn. Recommend this class.""
""Professor is great. The whole class is structured around 4 tests that make up your overall grade. I think this is a very poor way to structure a class"," but if you are just looking for a class to fulfill the stupid gen ed requirements then this is probably a good choice.""
""If you have taken health classes in the past"," this class is a nearly identical setup. Mr. Ledrick is knowledgeable and helpful. He keeps the lecture interesting by talking to the class and sharing real-life stories and examples. Go to class as much as possible. No quizzes. Slides. Use book to study for tests. Attendance is important.""
""Sweet guy. I found this class very interesting. His lectures were straightforward and he used a lot of personal stories to help the students understand the material. There are no assignments", only 4 exams. Best advice is to take lots of notes during lecture and study thoroughly with the book. Overall," I got an A-. Not too difficult.""
""Really enjoyed this class", he is a great professor. Make sure to go to class and take detailed notes on his slides because that is what is on the test. DO NOT buy the book, I never cracked it open. Tests were slightly harder than I expected them to be," but still reasonable.""
""Professor Ledrick was an extremely nice guy and I enjoyed his lectures"," but his tests are harder than I thought they'd be.  The study guides aren't always exactly what's on the test.  There is never homework though.  Only points are the tests and 10 one minute papers he gives (which are his attendance points). Still take him for sure.""
""Nice guy. Easy class all you have to do is study for the tests. They aren't hard just its an easy class with easy material that you think that you can blow off. He curves grades at the end which is good. Seriously if you study for the tests you'll get an A""
""He was a good prof. but the course was still challenging. If I were to go back in time I would still take me. He is a nice guy. He knows his stuff.""
""He only takes """"attendance"""" 10 times throughout the semester with a 5 min """"quiz."""" His lectures were kindof boring to me because they were at 9am but he is a very nice guy and our only grades were our 4 50 question"," multiple choice tests.""
""Its completely a lecture based class but he is a very good speaker He is able to keep you interested in what he is talking about Always take notes if you only go off of the slides he puts online you will miss A LOT of questions on the exams DO NOT spend the  $90 on the textbook He NEVER uses it Dont skip class what is said in class is on the exams""
""The class is in a big lecture hall"," but he speaks very clearly and doesnt talk soft so hes easily heard from the very back row. He makes the class interesting and hes funny. You do have to pay attention to notes and listen to what he says because not everything on the tests are in his notes. The stuff is really interesting and I loved it!""
""This professor is nice", not an extremely hard professor but does NOT offer extra credit, and  grade based all on tests. Which is difficult. PAY ATTENTION to notes in class," recommend you print off his notes from blackboard and also  write down the side notes he not only writes but says.""
""Griggs does not take his job as a professor seriously. It's all just a joke to him", he does not seem to care that much for his students. That being said," this guy is completely HILARIOUS. I was never bored during class. His lectures could be followed but were never really clear. Tests were ridiculous too with enormous curves. I think he is retiring""
""I think he's retiring but I wish he wouldn't. Homework is minimal"," quizzes are 5 questions and you can take them as many times as you want to get full credit. His tests can be kind of tricky but if you're in class and you study the quizzes you'll do just fine. Very knowledgeable and adds humor to his lectures to keep you interested. Great guy. ""
""If you do everything that he tells you to do on the first day you will be successful in his class.  His teaching style IS effective IF you are willing to put in some outside work. He is very clear on what he wants. Great guy who is always willing to help out his students. Will definitely take one of his classes again. ""
""Recently started teaching 322 and he has no idea what he is doing.  Knows his stuff", but doesn't convey the information well to the students.  You will end up doing well in the class," but you won't learn a thing and will struggle in 422.  ""
""His teaching style is not effective. Half the exam question are material he does not cover and are very tricky! Many people dropped and many people failed. Its pretty easy to get a B with effort but an A is very hard!I do not recommend him. (He is very nice though)""
""Watch out for his tricky exams", practice the problems in the book and show up for class and you'll be fine. A fair warning though," Griggs is a fan of kilts...""
""I really enjoyed Griggs. His teaching style is effective and he is more than willing to help you out when you're stuck. He truly cares about you succeeding. Do the suggested problems - He takes nearly half of the exam questions from them. Overall a good professor - I would take him again.""
""I'm going to put this very simple"," ineffective teacher. I am now taking the class over with another professor and it is amazing how much easier the class is to learn now.""
""Exams are a bit hard but I really enjoyed him and this class.""
""HARD. very confusing. Very nice guy but the class itself is a pain to get through. No structure. Does not teach the theory but tests heavily on it.""
""If you have never taken a finance class before or have minimal interest in finance I wouldn't recommend him.  He is a great guy but its just a hard class.  It feels there is no structure to his lectures and you get lost quickly.""
""Griggs is a really nice guy.  He does a good job in preparing you for the free response portion of exams", but he doesn't do a good job in teaching the theory behind topics," which makes the multiple choice questions hard. He does curve exams and lets you drop your lowest exam.""
""Tells you what you need to know"," so lectures are important. But exams are hard escpecially the multiple choice with choices a-z... exams are basically your only grade so it can be a tough class""
""I'm old school", I took Professor Griggs in the mid-1990's.  Loved his class," loved him.  A fantastic professor.  Took my finance degree and went to a top ten law school.""
""Pretty hard. Changes his demeanor from easy going Joe on normal days to prime Tyson", all is business, mr. Serious on exam day. Do yourself a favor and run this guy,"
""I had him for FIN 320. Great guy", makes you laugh, and teaches well. However, tests are pretty tricky, had to study a lot. Ended up with a B," but I wish he would give partial credit on tests.""
""The guy does a good job teaching to make you feel you understand the material", until you take his test. He changes his terminology and introduces problems that require a different computational process that he didn't teach. Everyone I have talked to says FIN320 is easy," none of them have Griggs. Dont put yourself through the misery!""
""He is a really nice guy but very very very tricky.  I am usually an A- B+ student and I cant get above a D+ on his tests its all about tricking his classes...""
""honestly the tests are not bad at all if you know the math its about 2/3 the test and some of the multiple choice is hard but not impossible. homework is a given 10% drops the lowest of three tests.""
""He is tough. Looks like Gary Busey and is just about as entertaining. Very funny and wants everyone to learn. However"," the way he teaches is makes it harder than it needs to be.""
""I switched my major to marketing because Maria made the class that awesome. I wish I could have her teach all of my classes. You can tell she's really passionate about her students and she really wants everyone to learn. Take her!!""
""I am not a marketing major and only took this class for my HTM program. Maria made it so easy! Attend her classes and go to her for questions and this class will be a breeze! LOVE her!""
""I absolutely loved taking her class. By far my favorite professor at Grand Valley. She is super knowledgable and gives you great advice about things outside of the classroom like how to approach interviews and her past experiences. TAKE THIS CLASS! You will also be laughing a lot she is so funny.""
""Love Prof Landon and highly recommend her!  Her lectures are fun and engaging.  Take her for SWS", assignments are bullet form and she gives you the answers.  Tests are tough, read book definitions to help you on them.  Other than that the class is pretty easy.  She'll give you lots of advise to succeed in life," not just the classroom.""
""She's hilarious. Make sure to interact with her and smile!! She is the easiest prof for SWS classes because we didn't write any papers. There were six projects that were super easy to complete if you follow the directions. Tests weren't that bad either. I would take her again.""
""Professor Landon is AMAZING! Her passion for students and marketing is very evident. She truly cares about her students and wants them to do well. She teaches clearly and tells you exactly what is on the tests. The assignments through the semester are super easy as well. TAKE HER if you get the opportunity!!!""
""Landon is very passionate about marketing", the project is spoon fed to you all semester, but she is a tough grader, you will work for the grade," sadly I worked harder in this class than any of my Acc and MGT classes and still ended with a B. Test are hard because she does not prep you for them and a lot of T/F. But super nice to get to know!""
""A great professor! I have just taken her for MKT 350! Make sure you stay out of your phone and take notes. Be participative! She engages the class into her lectures. If you take good notes you won't need the book.  ""
""Maria is a great professor! I do not like marketing nor am I majoring in it. She tries to get the class engaged (even though most students do not for some reason). I would take her class again! She is very helpful and will do whatever it takes to help you.""
""Maria is a very outgoing teacher and will definitely make the class worth while. Her assignments are pretty unclear", and require a good amount of time to complete. As long as you show up, take notes, and make study guides for the test," you should be fine. ""
""At first"," she seemed really strict. But as you get more into the semester she is actually a great professor! I would highly recommend her. Just do the assignments throughout the semester exactly as she tells you and there should be no problem. She also tells you the types of questions that will be on each exam.""
""She has such an enthusiasm-I absolutely loved her! Just do the marketing assignment throughout the semester. It's fun and easy. Her lectures are engaging and interesting. Loved her!""
""She is always energetic and keeps the class involved. Stay off your phone and try to participate in the class and you will have no problems. I was not a marketing major before this class but after speaking with her I have added Marketing for my second major.""
""Landon is so much fun in class. If you have an open mind about her and the class", you will have a great semester. DON'T use your cell phone in class (look at syllabus). And ask questions as you have them, she is so willing to help. I'm not a marketing major," but this was by far my favorite class of the semester.""
""Such a fun lady! Make sure to participate and stay off your phone or you'll be in for a long semester..I'd highly recommend getting on her good side. The tests weren't bad if you studied. The semester long project wasn't bad either-I believe the same as the normal MKT 350 class. I would highly recommend Maria for this class!""
""One of my favorite professors so far! She was always energetic and had our class laughing all the time.  I am a marketing major and this was my first marketing class so this was a GREAT start to my marketing classes.  I would recommend her for sure!""
""She is an awesome teacher who is energetic and passionate about what she is teaching. She expects participation and if you do it will make class go more smoothly. Assignments take time but are fairly easy and clearly explained. Everything is straight forward and I highly recommend taking her especially for SWS since the writing was bullet points.""
""It depends on personality type if you will like this professor. My class is a bunch of introverts", and she expects all of us to be awake and bubbly like her at 9am, and criticizes us every class period for not talking. Also, it didn't matter how long I spend on assignments," the grade is always a B. Make sure to do well on tests if you want an A!""
""I didn't have an issue with this class. We created a marketing plan and that was pretty much the entire class work load. She also had to turn it in and then get a grade", and then make revisions. The funny thing was, you would turn it in, she'd give you a D," then go make """"revisions"""" (print the same thing) and your grade is a B (with no changes)""
""Was hoping for a much better class but it wasn't bad. No HW", no quizzes," easy test and BIG group project. She is very nice and always happy.""
""Confusing"," gave us his own definitions ( which you have to write exactly what he says on exams to get credit) and half the time is wrong with what everyone else the concept is. Also will not answer your questions and will interupt you when you are asking a question""
""NOPE. Do yourself a big ol' favorite and get out of his class while you can.  Even though he's relatively easy"," dealing with him every week isn't worth it.  He is incredibly passive aggressive and argues with students if they don't agree with something or asks a question. Buying the book is also useless because he only teaches his opinion anyways.""
""This class with John Hodge is so unbearable. I honestly thing this is the worst class I have taken in my time at Grand Valley. I don't think I learned anything at all except for random ideas that popped into his head.""
""If you wish to learn the subject of  Management then do no take this course with Professor Hodge. It's a painful class to sit through and all he does is bash the book and the author. You will learn Professor Hodge's version of Management and nothing else.  However as long as you attend class and write down what he says you should get an easy A.""
""Professor Hodge was the most confusing I have ever had. He would go over the book just to tell us it was all wrong. If you don't write word for word what he lectured in class on the exams"," he will mark it down. Has many sayings he repeats over and over again like """"Come on guys"""""," """"Do you hear what I'm saying""""""
""The 331 6-9 never went the full time", all the grade comes down to is, three exams and one 12 page paper," wants to help students however can become very annoying with his repetitive statements and confusing lecturing.""
""Hodge is a very interesting man. He is kind of funny but his lectures are boring. He is very specific about what he wants for your test which is nice but when it came to my SWS paper it had to be exactly how he wanted it which was frustrating. If you don't care about actually learning"," then take him.""
""This is my fifth year at GVSU and I am disappointed with John. If you want to learn management take someone else. John teaches it with his opinion and not what the book says. He grades harshly on the research paper. I visited his office hours", did what he told me to do," and still got a B- on the first attempt. You can redo paper for a second grade.""
""Prof. Hodge is difficult to explain.  If you are content with learning nothing about management", but would like a GPA boost,  I recommend him.  If you aren't one for sitting in class watching him recite his opinion on the textbook terms day after day after day," another professor might suit you better.  I took this class for the near-free A.""
""Not the most enjoyable can become annoying put he gets his point across and you do learn. His test are easy he tells you exactly what to write down( exactly what he says in class not what is in the book!) ""
""SERIOUSLY. DON'T TAKE HODGE. Or", take him, if you want to hear the same stupid stories," """"witticisms"," and phrases LITERALLY EVERY CLASS. """"Please!"""" x24. """"Am I making sense?"""" x6. """"Are you hearing me man?"""" x4. """"I'm serious!"""" x12 You will hear these phrases on repeat until you are so sick of hearing the man talk that you knock yourself unconcious.""
""Take this review to heart. He is horrible in the sense that he will not teach you about management at all. He gives you every answer for the test so I guess its fairly easy", however, he is a wack-job. Very tough grader on the paper. STAY AWAY FROM HIM AS A PROF. He only teaches what he believes and nothing about management at all. Again," STAY. AWAY""
""Hodge is an interesting guy. He says """"i hope you hear me"""" and """"i'm very serious"""" a ton  and attendance is mandatory so he'll walk around with a sign in sheet. The exams aren't too bad and he'll tell you exactly what's on there as long as you go to class. The research paper is a bit tougher but he lets you re-do it. Just participate and you'll do Ok""
""Hodge is a good guy. Need to know a lot of specifics for the exams (all written). Go to class", say hi to him, talk every once and a while. TAKE NOTES. He tells you whats on the exams. Tough grader on the research paper (have a chance to re-do it). Don't take certain comments too personal. Overall he's entertaining in class," just expects a lot.""
""He is bad - But not THAT bad. Go to class", sit in the front and make sure he remembers your name. One 15-page research paper, three exams that are all essay. He can be annoying but if he can remember your name and your face," you'll do well.""
""Professor Hodge is great. Seems a little crazy at first but he is so knowledgable and loves helping students. Stresses student participation strongly. Overall good class.""
""He's actually good.  Class is entertaining and he's funny and knows his stuff.  He's quirky (like most professors)"," but other than that I don't get what all the fuss is about.""
""Hodge got in a lawsuit against GVSU...and they settled. Part of the settlement was that he could still teach. That's the only reason I believe he's still around"," because he's an embarrassment to the educating profession. I've lost all faith in GVSU after having this man as a professor...he's an absolute disgrace.""
""Worst Prof in my 4 years at GV. Only way to get an A is to continually kiss up to him and stroke his ego.Tests don't really contribute to final grade"," and are more determined on whatever he wants. Very frustrating class.I am shocked  and embarrassed that GV has allowed him to teach more than 1 semester let alone for over 20 years.""
""IGNORE OTHER POSTS - he's not bad.  Attend class", participate (nod your head), speak up, and you'll do well.  A lot of my fellow GVSU students are whining, but the material is there if you take ownership of your learning.  Hodge supplements the book material well," so you can come out with a good understanding if you put in the work!""
""While he's a nice guy his class is way too much work for the lack of instruction and clear guidelines. He uses one google doc instead of blackboard which is annoying because you have to constantly check that doc. No grade book so you don't know what you get until the class is done. Expect tons of busy work and too many hours spent on assignments.""
""This is a very easy class if you just show up and do the homework which isnt very much and isnt hard. Youre not graded on much and there arent any quizzes or tests. Hes a great guy and is passionate about what he teaches and has a lot of experience. Its a long class but he keeps it interesting most of the time.""
""Such a nice guy! He truly loves math and has so many tips and tricks to share. Very patient and willing to listen to students' advice and feedback with regard to the course itself. Highly recommend!""
""Professor Golden or otherwise called John"," is a really good professor. I can tell he loves what he does and cares about it too. We had NO QUIZZES OR TESTS OR EXAMS. Instead we had math writings which are easy to acquire A's on. He is my favorite professor and I enjoyed taking his class. John is also an avid star wars fan which is awesome!""
""Dr Golden is fantastic", he is trying to alter the way we see math and the way we believe it should be taught: comprehension, deep understanding vs remember this and that and apply. He wants us to help our future students engage with the math. His class set up is unusual," but fun. Open your mind.""
""Loved this prof! Although he never used blackboard and you never knew your grade"," as long as you came to class and shared work with your table group you were passing! He definitely knows what he is talking about and has a lot of experience. The lessons we did were fun and useful. I'd take prof Golden again!""
""If you are not a math major", RUN!!! I am an English Ed major and I spent the entire semester confused and irritated. His class is unorganized. There are no tests (which is nice), however, I never knew what my grade was. The class is easy, but if you want to get something from your tuition payments, don't take this class. Please," just don't do it.""
""He doesn't give tests"," instead he does sbars. They are very unclear to how you are doing and he doesn't use blackboard. You won't know your grade until the end of the semester because he doesn't even know. Really no structure to the class and that alone makes it hard to figure out what is going on and why you are doing some of the things you do. ""
""Nice guy but extremely unclear. no class structure and absolutely useless when it comes to being helpful. cant stand this class or him as a professor""
""Very creative"," kept class interesting""
""Prof. Golden was really helpful! Go to his office hours!!! There are 2 workshops assigned every other night", just stay up on those and you'll be okay. I liked building a strong network of fellow teachers in this class. He did a great job with that. I did not learn that much math," but it is Teaching HS Math so there wasn't too much math to learn.""
""Really nice guy", but did not like him as a teacher. Quite a bit of daily work required plus directions are almost never clear. He is really into letting you learn on your own so if you like that then this would be a good class," however I do not and because of that feel like I learned very little at all during this class""
""he is very flexible. 2-3 workshops a day"," gets tedious but keep up on them""
""Very interested in assuring the students do their best", and very available to help students learn as much as they can. Did not explain much of the material as was needed," and was a bit dis-organized.""
""He DOES NOT TEACH. I don't know what he is getting paid to do. Seriously"," GET OUT OF HIS CLASS WHILE YOU STILL CAN!""
""He's very much into self-discovery. If that's your style of learning", your golden (no pun intended). If not, find a study buddy and buckle down b/c it will be a long semester (this was me). Nice guy, funny sense of humor and tries to help as much as possible. If nothing else," you learn a lot about yourself and how you learn best.""
""Class was good.  Good professor.  Recommend him!!""
""Nice guy. Very helpful", with an odd," yet funny sense of humor. Can make class fun for those of you who do not like math (happened to me).""
""He's a very nice guy and extremely helpful if you have questions", but don't expect him to give you the answers, because he won't.  He prefers you to learn things by discovery," but guides you to it.  I'd recommend him as an instructor.""
""You'll either love or hate his style.  He just hands out worksheets and expects you to learn on your own.  Really laid back and funny guy", but he just can't or won't teach.  I'm conflicted because I've learned absolutely nothing," but he's so cool you almost feel guilty for hating this class.""
""Matchett wasnt an awful prof", but he wasnt good. Chemistry has always come somewhat easy for me, but the way he taught it in lecture was confusing and made it difficult. He also has a temper and had yelled at my class numerous times through the semester and can be rude over email. If you can," I would switch profs if you get him.""
""Matchett obviously knows his material", but in class I found the way he explained it quite confusing- his office hours helped! The readings were confusing/not helpful. Being in pre-vet, I have to juggle other tough classes," but the amount of work homework he gave us was ridiculous. It did not let me accurately utilize time for those other classes.""
""Chemistry is super hard for me personally. Prof Matchett clearly cares about chemistry and his students. He emphasized how much he wanted to help you in any way possible. I took this course during remote learning and struggled but I dont believe it to be his fault"," it was my own. He tries hard to make chemistry interesting for everyone.""
""Before every class there is a reading homework which would prepare you for lecture. Then you would have 2 homework assignments on webassign due on Wednesday. This class was super hard. My advice is to not use chegg. It might help for the homework but the homework isnt worth enough to out weigh the test. Ask him for help"," he will go out of his way.""
""Solid prof", but a hard class. There was a few hw sets per week usually. Prof Matchett had good lectures. Hes always willing to answer questions and clear up any confusion. Going to his office hours really helped. He cares and wants ppl to succeed. His tests were hard," but not as bad as the final.""
""Very encouraging and passionate. Even though it was hard", he really wants his students to learn a lot and I do think it'll benefit be me a lot in the future. I studied lots, did homework all the time, focused, went to chem success center one day a week and met with mr. matchett another day of the week and I barely got a C. Great prof," hard class""
""Matchett is an awesome guy. I had him for lab"," and his explanations at the beginning of the class were the reason I understood what was happening in my lecture. He always answers questions in a way you can understand. I wish that I would've had him in lecture.""
""His tests are tough but he teaches the material well"," im taking him again next semester for chm 116.""
""I liked his class at first but It all went down hill when he was snarky to me because I used my phone in class to take a picture of the board when he asked us to. Since then I wanted to attend the class less and he was rude more and more and is extremely passive aggressive to me outside of class. If you don't live and breath chem he's not for you.""
""A lot of reading/ homework assignments but the class is overall amazing . His lectures make you pay attention and his voice is not monotone.""
""I absolutely love Professor Matchett. You can tell that he is extremely passionate about chemistry. He always tells us funny stories and uses amazing analogies. He gives good notes"," but a lot of homework. But the homework really helps to further your understanding of everything. I did everything I could to get him for 116 and I did. Best choice!""
""I liked Matchett so much for 115 that I did everything I could to take 116. He gives very clear lectures and homework that makes sense. In 115 we had a few sets of homework due once a week but in 116 we had readings due every day before lecture in addition to the homework. At times"," he can be condescending and rude.""
""He was a goof prof", he knows a LOT about chemistry and is willing to help. He can explain things in multiple ways. Only thing is that the hw given sometimes didnt match what we did in class, the chem success center helps though. Overall a good prof," just put in effort!""
""Taking Matchett for CHM 115 & 116 was the best choice I've made at GVSU. His lectures are interesting", easy to follow, & filled with helpful examples. His class notes are golden - my friends & I often wish we had Matchett-style notes for organic chemistry. He is funny," caring & an amazing prof. (P.S. lots of Webassign work but it helps you learn.)""
""Professor Matchett is MY FAVORITE PROFESSOR!! If the tests are hard", it is because the materials are hard," so you have to work for it. He likes linking the materials to real life (focus on """"why"""" and """"how""""). There will be readings written by him and homework. You may think it's a lot"," but they definitely helped me with understanding. TAKE HIM!!!!""
""Professor Matchett is ONE OF THE BEST professor I have ever had and I MEAN IT. His lectures are very clear and he makes sure you understand the materials"," not just memorize them. He writes down his notes so he is not flying through materials. You'll have reading assignments and homework. It may be a lot but it definitely helps. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN!""
""I LOVED this professor. I wish I had him for 116 as well. He's very passionate about chemistry and it shows in each of his lectures. He relates content to real world examples which helps clarify topics. Homework directly related to class content and often would show up in tests. He's funny but also very straight to the point. Highly recommend!""
""Professor Matchett is an amazing professor. He gives clear explanations and is always willing to help you understand the material. The tests were very tough"," but as long as you study and do the weekly readings you'll be fine. Be prepared to work hard for the grade you want. Would definitely recommend taking his class if you can.""
""THIS CLASS WAS AWFUL. Professor Matchett expects a lot from you", so if you had a bad prof for chem 115," DO NOT take him for 116. He assigned a total of 83 Assignments throughout the semester and we had 4 exams that were 58% of our grade. (Those 82 assignments were only 20%) He makes you feel stupid for asking questions and is rude sometimes.""
""Solid professor. Explains things very well. Lectures are fun and engaging. Goes into the """"why"""" and """"how."""" tests are hard but if you study you can do well in the class.""
""Star is nice but her class is hard. She doesnt really lecture and class is solely based on other students presenting the information to the class. It is all memorization and there is no book or formal notes to reference after class. the whole class is out of 100 points and it is very difficult""
""Professor Swift was very knowledgeable about the law and was also very funny. However", she makes you work for your grade. There were several case readings and questions each week and your were only graded on 3 quizzes, 3 tests," and one presentation. It seemed to be taught more as a general law class than business related.""
""Professor Swift is an amazing professor. She is very caring in addition to being extremely knowledgeable when it comes to the law. She has a great sense of humor and makes the lectures very entertaining. Due to this being a hybrid course", there is a lot of reading assigned for outside of class," which you will be asked questions about.""
""Swift integrates technology into her classes more than most professors. So be open to learning the law and new tech. Brilliant and funny. I will take her again if I can get into her class.""
""Swift is one of the best profs I have had so far. The amount of knowledge I have learned in this class is incredible & is also very applicable to the real world. I took the class as a hybrid so we met once a week. Lots of cases to read which will be on pop quizzes"," also likes to call on random people so be prepared to answer questions on cases.""
""I took Swift's hybrid class", and it was one of my favorites. She may seem intimidating at first, but Swift is an awesome professor who knows what she's teaching. Don't procrastinate the work until before class, and if you don't know the material," don't try to pretend you do. I learned so much from her that I'll be able to apply to my career.""
""She grades you on quizzes", a presentation, and exams. You have to keep up with the reading and you will do OK. At first, I just skimmed the reading and learned the hard way, from my quiz score," to read the stuff carefully. I am going to med school but I wish I took this class earlier. Everybody should know this stuff for their work life.""
""We arbitrated case in front of a real arbitrator.  Swift walks you through each step but she is not happy if you do not read and watch videos.  The workload is not crazy but if you have a bad team be ready to do a lot of work on your own.   Liked Swift. Totally applied class.""
""Hybrid class so we met once per week.  She uses a thing called Bluescape so you can see videos", notes," other stuff all on a virtual wall.  She is good about giving class very recent cases.  You have to do the work or it shows in your grade but the work is not too much.  Thing I learned is half the class time does not mean half the work.""
""Despite the difficulty of the BUS201 class", Star Swift is my absolute favorite professor. She's reasonable, helpful, and one of the funniest people I've met. Her lectures include examples from her personal experience," and they make understanding the material much easier.""
""Honestly", the class was whatever. I didn't do much of the work but passed perfectly fine. The tests were difficult but if you put forth the effort in studying before it, you'll actually do fine. The class used Bluescape, which was cool. I actually just love her as a person," she's hilarious and really relatable.""
""It was an honors law class.  It was also hybrid. My online classes were never this hard. Way up to date cases.  Lots of reading but I let myself get behind. I learned to arrange my time because you have to keep up. High school online was easy for me and I Googled the exams. I needed to study for Swift. But I did ok. Just not high school at all.""
""It is a hybrid so she expects you to read material from her websites before class.  A lot of students do nothing before class. But they think Swift is going to lecture on it in class. She doesn't.  So group work is tough. Plus everybody works so they claim they cannot meet  after class. I did most of the work for my group and learned a ton.""
""Uses Bluescape instead of Blackboard. So you need to learn new tech but not really youth.  It's a hybrid class so do NOY miss the one day per week it meets.  Reading you must do on your own will be on ex.m.""
""She is great. The grading scale is rough and you better start out strong from the start. I really enjoyed having her as a teacher but"," I didn't get the grade I wanted. She is more like a boss then a teacher. Great person though. Highly recommend her.""
""I took the honors section and it was a ton of work", but I think that should be expected with an honors class. Super knowledgable lady and she's always there to answer any questions. Exams are tough, but again," in an honors course you should expect that. All in all she was super cool and I really liked her class!""
""Really good class. You do not have to buy a book. The work load is totally accessible. There are just a few assignments though"," so not there is not a lot of room to mess up.""
""I took a hybrid class", and not once did I learn any information from her in class or through her lectures. She posts documents online, expects you to complete them before class," and then does not teach you the information. She's a horrible. Always has unclear directions and no guidelines for you. These other reviewers must have had a diff professor""
""Took hybrid as freshman and it was night class. Wish she had day class once per week. Now she does.  Good grade but did lots of reading. She makes up free text.  Read it.  If you get the chance take her class.  You will be ok if you read her stuff. We all laughed lots. Made me think about stuff I can use once I decide on major""
""Uses Bluescape. Also lightboard lectures for review of material. Funny. Honest. Hates to waste time - ours or hers.  Knows we all have jobs. Will take Swift for hybrid 432. Up to date reading  and video but no text. I learned a ton.""
""This class was way to hard for a Gen Ed. I would not recommend taking it. I had to for my major and I might have to retake it.""
""He talks extremely fast in lectures so its hard to get all of the information. Also"," I never understand his explanations. Exams are so hard because almost all of them are story problems. I usually get good grades in all classes and find it nearly impossible to do so in his class. Very difficult and stressful for a gen ed class. Dont recommend.""
""He is a very helpful professor if you email or meet with him about questions that you have you'll be fine. tests have examples that are in the book or similar to ones he says in lecture. PSY 101 is a tough class with any prof you just have to do the work.""
""He is a great professor"," as long as you read the book and take good notes you will be just fine. Tests are easy and follows the outline to a tee. Great prof!!!""
""Hard class! Hes very smart"," but his exams are more in depth that what he teaches in class.""
""REALLY NICE GUY BUT IF YOU WANT A GOOD GRADE DONT TAKE HIM FOR A GEN ED!!! SAVE YOURSELF AND CHOOSE A DIFFERENT PROF FOR PSY 101!!!!""
""If you want a good grade with this prof", pay attention and take notes during lecture. Although the tests are difficult, he has a different grading scale than others to get an A. When it comes down to it," work hard for the grade you want. He also doesn't put grades on BB so you don't know until the semester is over. Work hard on final!!""
""If you can get out of his class I would. The class is based off of 3 exams and thats it. The tests are very hard and the questions are not straight forward. There are no notes or handouts for this class everything is based on his lecture. Most of the information needs to be looked up online after class and that information isn't always accurate.""
""Your grade strictly depends on how you do on the exam. He provides no notes"," no powerpoints. Only provides a five page outline and does not explain the concepts. The exams were very hard even if you some how got all the information down for the concepts. Do not take this gen ed from this professor.""
""Hes a great professor and is really good at explaining the material but the lectures were always long and in order to pass the exams you had to pay attention to everything. Your grade depends only on 3 exams and other mandatory activities. Theres never any homework just reading that is necessary to do well in the course.""
""He gives good lectures", if you pay attention and take notes during lecture you will do well since most of his test questions come from what he says in class. He makes it easy to either get time or talk with him or his teachers assistant if you ever need any help. Overall," a good professor.""
""Great professor""
""Super hard class. Don't think I've put enough time into studying and I've gotten a C on all the exams. Don't bother buying the book either. If you study a lot you should be fine though.""
""Don't burn your bridges.""
""Professor Henderson is very monotone during lectures and does not put any lectures on blackboard. He only gives an outline for topics that will be on the exams and the exams are all application based. Exams are very hard to study for unless you go see him personally or see one of his assistants.""
""After the first exam I thought for sure that I would fail", it was that hard. Everything was application based. I increasingly did better on each exam. At the end he either takes your grade in the class or just your final exam grade as your overall grade. So work really hard to get an A on the final," its not impossible.""
""He keeps class interesting by doing some little fun activities. However", taking notes is hard because he doesn't give a power point,"  just and outline. A suggestion I have is to write down every example he gives and evaluate them with the outline.""
""Lectures are entertaining but the test are hard. Go to class he covers a lot in lectures. The outlines he post really help with the exams. You don't get homework only 3 exams and a final.""
""Prof Hendersen's exams are extremely tough", so be prepared to study. I know a lot of these reviews say not to take this prof," but he's a supper nice guy and knows what he's talking about. He truly cares about his students and wants to help. If you study A LOT you will be fine. But seriously study a lot! Or you WILL fail at least the first exam.""
""I honestly enjoyed Professor Hendersen's class.  There are 3 tests and those are basically your only grades", along with the final.  The tests are tough, especially the 1st one, but don't let that scare you away because you really do learn a lot in this class and if you study, read the textbook, and ALWAYS attend class," you'll do fine.""
""He actually knows a lot about the topic", if you are willing enough to listen to what he's saying it is actually very interesting. He can be confusing because he's old," but he's actually a decent professor if you listen and try to understand.""
""Actually miserable.  Guy rambles on about god knows what (no religion pun intended)"," and then expects you to write a paper or take short answer tests and elaborate on extremely vague concepts. Just about everyone in the class is clueless about his expectations. If you're looking for an easy elective and figure this is a good choice think again.""
""He likes to mumble""
""i liked the class. as long as you read all the material and keep up with the concepts you should be fine.  he can be boring at times when he gets wrapped up in something but for the most part its a good class.  sometimes he drifts away from the ideas of the book we're reading and then it gets confusing but otherwise its easy.""
""note: I was in the honors section. He was still horrible.  Lecture was a snooze"," and a waste.  Just give an overview on religion and how they differ.  Not in touch with his audience.""
""Tests can be confusing so watch out.  But he's a nice guy and a decent prof.""
""The WORST handwriting ever. Where does the test material come from because it is very obscure.""
""No Comments""
""not that hard of a class", little boring," but not bad""
""if you actually pay attention"," this make sense. look at the big picture.""
""horrible"," boring. lectures had nothing to do with the stuff on the tests""
""HORRIBLE!!!! The worst!  You teach yourself!!!!!!""
""Can't Teach. Class is so incredibly boring"," it's impossible to do well!""
""I rarely have any idea what is going on
""This guy can not teach"," he is a horrible professor - which makes the class impos""
""Veazey is the worse professor at GVSU!!! He is arrogant and self-centered. He spends class time to bad mouth other GV depts. The only way I passed was help from tutors. HE DOES NOT TEACH!! DO NOT TAKE VEAZEY!!!""
""Veazey completely lost his mind this summer.  The man was not well", and had no business being there for one day!  I feel bad for all of us involved.  I got a D- on the final exam (97% prior to), but an A in the course because of help from the department chair.  I don't think he will be back," as he should not be.  The substitute was awesome though!!""
""HORRIBLE PROF! I usually give them the benefit of the doubt and take the class anyway", DO NOT TAKE. He failed the majority of our class. I'm an A student and I got a C-," GVSU changed all the grades because most people failed. Worst PROF EVER""
""Wow", arrogant jerk does not even bein to explain it.  11 out of 29 students in my class failed, I did not, but I see how they did.  He doesn't actually teach," refuses to help and it is irritating to just listen to him speak.  Grand Valley NEEDS to fire this """"professor"""".""
""He doesn't teach the class well", he goes off on random tangents," and he's really rude.""
""This professor is horrible. He never teaches anything"," just reads verbatim off the powerpoint slides. His quiz's are impossible to pass and his exam's are about the same. He is not helpful in any way possible and he is very rude. I find his comments highly inappropriate and they have nothing to do with the course material. He tangents very often.""
""I never use this site", but Veazy is the worst professor I've ever had at GV.  He is ****, offensive," and spends little class time actually talking about the material he is to be teaching.  His quizzes are impossible and he makes students feel stupid for asking questions.""
""I took this class in the summer", and it wasn't that bad.  Veazey does think a lot of himself, but he's pretty funny, although I don't think he's trying to be.  Class overall was a little challenging, but if you study you'll do fine.  Overall," not nearly as bad as the other ratings make you think.""
""I had Veazey back in '02 and I can see little has changed since then.  If you read the previous 10-20 posts that about sums up my class experience with him.  This guy is living walking proof of what happens when an ineffective egotistical professor realizes they are untouchable because they are tenured.""
""Stay away! Rude", mean, makes students cry. When I asked for help informed me the even a stupid person could see I didn't have a chance. Knows nothing about the topic," and thinks he's God's gift to the world. Take Anyone but him. I can't even believe Grand Valley not only lets him teach but pays him to do so! He's genuinely could care less about you""
""Stay away from Veazey. If you can take this class with any other professor do so. Veazey insults students and then likes to talk about him self most of the time. You will only spend about half the class time doing what you're suppose to. He gots lost in what he is trying to and most of the time fails at doing so.""
""I don't usually write on this website", but I have to tell all GV students," do not take this professor! He is very rude and inconsiderate of peoples feelings and has no idea how to teach. gives out powerpoints and thats it. we all know acc is difficult and he makes it even harder than it should be. I have no idea why GV hasn't gotten rid of him....""
""He's completely incompetent.  Doesn't know the subject he's teaching
""Tempermental", judgemental, ineffective speaker, really boring," doesn't engage students.""
""I can't believe GVSU pays this guy to teach","  He is so caught up in himself he forgets that he is supposed to actually teach us something.  Sad to see my tuition money go to a stuff shirt PHD like him.  Do us all a favor and retire.  He claims he is a millions in the bank...prove it and retire.""
""DO NOT TAKE HIM! I am an A student and work hard and even I wish I could drop his class. He wastes more than half of the class time talking about how much money he's making on his stocks and when he finally gets to possibly teaching something", it turns out that he couldn't even do the homework assignment with us," he had to get the answer key.""
""He is probably the worst accounting professor out there.  He curves grades yes", but that doesn't help you out when he doesn't curve the final grade.  He goes by points not grades, so he gets your hopes up in the beginning with the curves but lest you down in the end.  If you can," take this one with Stovall because he knows what he's talking about.""
""If the subject matter is somewhat new to you", having a poor prof teaching it isn't going to help your understanding. Study, study, study," and still face impossibily hard tests and rotten grade...even if you work reeeeeal hard at it. Don't take this as a 6 week course with this instructor. Not sure if regular semester would be any better. Good luck.""
""In my opinion"," attendance to this class is simply a waste of time and money.""
""He is a ridiculous teacher who wasted 3 hours of my time every week.  I am getting an A in ACC 213 with another professor this semester"," but he is so unclear and unhelpful that his class is impossible.  He also comes accross as very rude.  Take someone else.""
""Sammy is a prime example of how it's better to be feared than to be loved. At the start of the semester", he clearly laid out his expectations and grade requirements (which were very high), but he was not unfair or unwilling to talk one on one. You were required to participate in class and read a chapter every week. Very hard," but I learned a lot. ""
""A nice guy", but a TERRIBLE professor. Assigns more assignments than I can count, and tests are EXTREMELY long. Grading criteria is hard to get used to and very specific, but not terrible. He expects almost memorization of the chapter, and his workload is unbelievably high. He does not 'lecture' on material," only answers questions. Do not take him. ""
""If you know how to read a textbook and study", you can pass Ishak's class. Assignments and papers are easy enough if you put the time in.   But here's a bit of advice: RUN FAR AND RUN FAST.   Do not take this professor. He is one of the most awful people I've ever met," let alone the worst professor. ""
""Professor is extremely arrogant and rude to all students.  Comes off very pretentious and talks down to students.  Also has made inappropriate statements during lectures.  All being said", if you stick it out and get all the assignments up and stay up on the material," you will learn a lot and the class will be rewarding.  ""
""Taking his class right now. worst professor at GVSU so far. His assignments take 5 hours to complete but only worth 6 points. he is rude demanding arrogant and obnoxious. he will not listen to anything and if you ask a question you wont get a straight answer. avoid at all cost.""
""Very hard prof", this class was a monster however i stuck it out and found it to be very rewarding. you learn a lot! lots of reading and memorizing chapters for exams but once you figure it out its not so bad. The prof and his assignments were very demanding. Theres no b.s. in the class," and it was very challenging but im glad i took it""
""This professor is just amazing. Lots of people don't like this classe because it is exigent. But it is not superficial and you learn a lot of thing. I highly recommend this professor"," but be prepared for this class!""
""In his class right now.... One of the worst professors I've ever had in my entire education experience. He is a mean old man and puts you on the spot. Makes everyone in the back row move to the very front row. Assignments are like getting a bullet in the foot... You've just been shot & are bleeding but unfortunately"," still alive. DO NOT TAKE HIM.""
""Need to put 200% effort. At least 15-20 hrs in the weekend and 2-3 hours in the week.Very demanding and will keep challenging the entire semester. Be prepared in every class if you don't want to be embarrassed in the class.He helps immensely with the class matter but not the personal issues in dealing with the class. Buckle up for a roller coaster.""
""If you want an easy A", this is definitely not your class. If you're looking for a challenge, take his class. I walked away with an A from his class. I am so honored to have had such a ridiculously successful man as a professor. His assignments are deadly. But if you're willing to do the work," it will definitely be worth your time.""
""Absolutely terrible and blatantly favors international students.""
""I honestly believe that the comments that refer to Prof Ishak as the """"best teacher ever"""" must be written by Ishak himself. He is arrogant",rude, demeaning, & many other things that an effective teacher is not. His expectations are inconsistent & unrealistic. The material is not difficult," but the workload is unbelievable. Take it with someone else.""
""Walked away with a B. I didn't do a single assignment. I did well on the 6 tests", and made sure to participate in class. I wouldn't recommend this professor to my worst enemy. The tests were unbelievably difficult," and quizzes were graded (in my opinion) far too strictly.""
""I just started Grad School and was thinking about Prof.Ishak. He was my toughest professor at GVSU but the only one who accurately prepared me for the workforce"," and graduate school. I have no doubt that he is part of the reason I have excelled in my career thus far. He will help you-if you are willing to work hard to help yourself.""
""Assigns over 40 papers-not even a SWS class-that are worth maybe 2 points each. Doesn't teach anything and expects students to read and memorize the entire book""
""This class was way too much work! Assignments are lengthy and must be exactly the way he wants them.  I read the whole book front to back and had six exams throughout the semester.  I would never take a class with him as a professor again.""
""Avoid! Very demanding", rude, and makes you feel worthless. Class is a waste of time, and he does not teach a single thing. Memorize every word in the book for the tests. Assignments take forever to complete, but are barely worth any points. Take with another professor," it will save you a lot of stress.""
""Worst prof EVER! Just ridiculous! Demanding", hard to understand, confusing, argumentative, incredibly rude, not helpful, doesn't care about his students' success at all! You have to memorize the book to pass the 6 tests cuz he doesn't teach a thing! The class should be easy cuz the material is easy," but he makes it sooo difficult. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!""
""This was one of the hardest classes I have ever taken.  He was asking for an incredible amount of work for what should have been a fairly simple class.  I can't say I didn't learn anything but another prof would save you some sleepless nights and headaches""
""Worst professor I've ever had at GVSU. He's ****"," admittedly dislikes other faculty members and speaks poorly of Grand Valley?s programs in general.  Only students with no mind of their own would give this guy a smiley face rating.""
""Worst teacher ever. Doesnt teach well at all""
""This man", and understand I'm taking this class online during the pandemic so this might not be applicable if this lockdown gets resolved, but he is the singular worst teacher I've had in college. He simply is lazy and does not care one bit," he's recorded lectures are unacceptably horrid. Poor resolution and poorer audio quality. NEVER RESPONDS.""
""This quizzes this man gives are more about semantics than economics. They would be easy except he has to make the wording as complicated as possible for simple questions. His lectures are fine"," nothing extraordinary.""
""Great prof"," obviously very knowledgeable and wants to see students succeed. Teaches at a moderate-slow pace and will often review what you went over the week before. Ensures you're learning the """"why"""" instead of just throwing equations at you. This material can be challenging but is IMPORTANT which is why it's helpful to have him as a professor.""
""Horrible Class. Exam average under 70% for all exams. All notes are handwritten during class", and his handwriting is illegible most of the time. Good luck if you miss a class," better have a friend who was there. Overcomplicates everything and asks VERY abstract conceptual questions for exams/online quizzes. Also no practice for quanitative problems""
""He's the chair of the department ",  and the person is so nice. His office hour is really really ... helpful, and he could explain very well when you ask him question. There are study questions before exams, and he allowed that use the final exam grade to replace one exam if you did not did well in first or second exam," and he gives review session.""
""Dr. Davis is a really nice and knowledgeable professor. He explains difficult theories clearly and show the complicated  models step-by-step. His office hour is also very helpful. Really enjoy this course.""
""Mr. Davis is a really fair and enjoyable teacher. He is thankfully not the typical """"watch a slide-show full of notes and copy it down"""" teacher. He gives real life examples and has a good personality about it. His tests are fair and if you spend a couple good nights studying you will be fine. Also he is a very easy grader. Enjoyed this class""
""Took his class over winter term. Fast paced", and not necessarily easy," but I found that if you do the readings and practice exams everything becomes more clear. George is a genuine guy and willing to clarify if you need more help understanding something.""
""Mr. Davis is one of the best professor's I've had throughout Miami.  He's hard", but so helpful.  I went to his office hours once a week, asked questions, and got good answers.  I'm not good at Econ and I knew I wouldn't get an A from the start," but I know by going to his office hours it helped me from getting a D in that class.""
""Definitely a good professor. Gives a """"degree of difficulty"""" adjustment on all exams (aka a huge curve"," 15 points for the final) and gives practice exam questions before every test. Nice guy and willing to help. Aplia will boost your grade if you do it. Recommend!""
""Genuinely good dude.  He is the department head. Can be a bit bland at times", which causes me to lose interest.  His sense of humor will grow on you. Tests are tough," but manageable.""
""I did not enjoy this class. Lectures seem easy and boring", but then the tests are difficult," and he is a really picky grader.""
""He's the chair of the department and is like just about every other econ teacher at Miami because he likes to complicate easy concepts and have his TA's take off many points for small mistakes on his difficult tests. I probably could have done better if I worked a little harder", though, and he's a nice guy," so he might be your best option for 301.""
""Excellent teacher", I wish they all could be like this guy. Tests are difficult," and the essays require a lot of thinking. If you put in a lot of work you'll get a lot out of this class as well as a thorough understanding of money and banking.""
""Exams are straight from his notes", and none of his elaborate formulas are on there. As long as you listen in class, the exams aren't bad. His practice exams and review problems are almost verbatim on the tests. Just listen, take notes," and do the old/practice exams. Good teacher.""
""Very clear", great professor, you can really learn a lot from his class.  Sometimes gets carried away with derivations of formulas, but don't worry," they won't be on the test.""
""No Comments""
""This class was super easy"," you don't need the book if you take good notes (which aren't a lot with the course pack). Attendance wasn't mandatory at the beginning but then she realized everyone was skipping so made in class assignments and you had to do 9/13 to get full points and wouldn't email the study guide. I put in minimal effort and got an A.""
""She's a great prof. She asked us how she could improve the class halfway through the semester and changed everything up. She uses LearnSmart", so if you want to save money don't take her class. Otherwise," it's an interesting lecture class.""
""I really enjoyed this class... the material was very interesting (perhaps to me bc it's my major)", the assignments were reasonable, and the professor was very considerate/flexible. She had several class meetings and the final online," which allowed many of us to save much time/gas $ bc it was @ GR's beltline. Highly recommend taking during Summer!""
""A really good learning environment"," and a teacher who is up to date with the latest development in her field.""
""enjoyed the taste test.  went to office hours and got a lot of help.  wish she taught more undergrad classes""
""overall interesting examples. best professor I've had at WMU.  Go to class and you'll do well on tests.""
""EXTREMELY dull class. seriously boring. plus she had speaker trouble in the beginning which amplified her voice to painful levels. she has quizzes that border on pop"," so you almost HAVE to attend the lectures... otherwise just buy the slide booklet and study the reviews she posts and you'll do fine.""
""Class was boring as hell. she tried to show clips to keep it interesting but just read from the slides the rest of the time. Really annoying voice and constantly tried to appeal to the males in the class. Tests arent bad as long as you study the slides. 7 random quizzes"," she takes the best 5""
""Pretty standard lecture class. Less boring than most. Quite amusing prof.""
""The class is easy"," you dont need to go to class she just gives you all the slides to study so its not that hard. She is kinda goofy and her lectures can get pretty boring but I didnt mind taking this class.""
""I really didn't like this class. I just don't like this subject. The professor is a very nice lady", and really REALLY knows about marketing. The projects were irritating i my opinion, I really didn't like doing them. I just dont like marketing," so this class was just annyoing to me. But the professor is very good.""
""This class should be an easy B if you go to class on a regular basis.  The quizzes are extremely easy and the two lowest scores are dropped.  The two big assignments are time consuming but are generally pretty easy points.  The exams are not as easy as you would think so you have to study hard for those. She is a very kind lady!""
""Her lectures are super boring", and will have you writing until the last minute of class.  She didnt post a study guide for the first test so I bombed it," but once she started posting them for the other 2 I got a BA in the class.  She offered a lot of Extra Credit and the in-class quizzes were easy. I recommend her but bring a pillow to class.""
""Kind of a weird lady but not a bad teacher overall. I got a CB and I spent most of the lecture snoring. Also do not buy the book", just get a course packet, show up for her easy quizes and do both simple projects she assigns," tests were moderate when I studied using the guide from web ct.""
""Overall not a bad class. As long as you read the coursepack", read the chapters and take certain notes from the book, you'll be ok. Def. use WebCT to make sure if she postes study guides for the exam. I got an overall BA," originally at a C.""
""Uses Powerpoint for lecture and rambles on about examples"," makes class seem longer than it is.""
""Use the study notes she gives you from web ct for the exams and it will be the easiest class ever.  Thinks she is really cool and stuff...but her lectures are boring and she gives you all of her slides in a packet"," so there is not point in going.  i rarely went to class and got a B""
""She's so funny and smart. I absolutely love her"," she loves her job and makes the class very easy. You don't  even have to buy the book. Take her she's a great teacher! Honestly""
""Well", Roberta is certainly a piece of work. Kind of annoying the way she always references things she thinks young people are interested in to seem cool. I find it hard to keep focused in that class and she reads directly from the slides. Course pack has all slides and if you highlight and fill in extra notes," you'll be fine. Web CT used a lot.""
""Not that compassionate.  I had two surguries during her class and missed most of the material"," but still managed to get a CB.  And the kicker is that she wouldn't give me and extra .6% to boost me to a B overall.  She's not that cool.""
""Doc Z was an excellent professor", and a good guy. Unfortunately, he passed a few months ago due to cancer. He was one of the greats at Otterbein," he will be missed.""
""One of the best teachers! He has great stories and keeps the course interesting. As long as you put in a little work you will have no trouble succeeding in this class.""
""This guy is happy to be teaching and seems to love his subject. He's more than fair on quizzes and tests"," and will gladly help you with any issues you're having.""
""I love Doc. Z!! hes the only person who can keep me interested for 3 hrs at a time... best story teller and so funny""
""He is an extremely nice teacher and really cares about the subject matter he is teaching. I began to struggle on the tests in this class"," but he was willing to work with me on improving my study methods and he helped to make me a better student overall. I enjoyed his class and would defnitely recommend him!!""
""Overall really good professor. He will do anything to help out his students when they are started to suffer in his class.""
""Awesome prof!!!  He can make almost any subject interesting.  Very helpful and understanding.  Taking another class because he is the prof...and I am interested in the subject.  Change to this prof if possible!!!""
""Good teacher"," tests are kind of hard but a worthwhile experience""
""Great teacher", not much class discussions though," lots of reading""
""Dr. Z ROCKS! He will bend over backwards to help you out. Dedicated and caring. His classes are wonderful. Insightful and interesting. I wanted to come to class.""
""Best teacher at Otterbein hands down.  Amazing person and teacher.  I want to have his offspring.""
""AWESOME TEACHER!!!! Take any class that you can with him! Very funny!!! Great story teller!! keeps even the dullest things interesting!""
""No Comments""
""No Comments""
""Great teacher and a great guy!  Makes philosophy fun and pretty much TELLS you what is going to be on a test or quiz!""
""Doc Z. is the best! he is soo funny", he makes boring stuff intersting, he will totally help you out, and his stories are great. You MUST take class with him," hes one of the best profs here!""
""Doc Z is the best there is when it comes to philosophy", i dont find a lot of it interesting but he puts his emotions into his story tellings and makes it more enjoyable!! What a guy," take him if you can!!""
""Doc Z is absolutely the best!  I have taken him for 2 classes and hope to take more in the future.  It's easy to know what he wants and he is the funniest man alive. :)""
""Doc Z. is the best prof at Otterbein. He's a master story teller - the best there is. And he's pretty cute for an old guy.  :D""
""SO INTERESTING! If you dread the INST classes make sure you get him! You will absolutely love it and get great prof quotes!!!!!!!""
""Funny guy!""
""JG is the best professor I've ever had. JG is the man. JG couldn't be more nice and awesome. JG actually takes the time to read and evaluate all assignments",great teacher. JG is great hands down.  JG is ferda. JG is cute and very nice," great teacher and pushes you to your best potential. Great and makes class fun and interesting. ""
""Delightfully humorous", super chill, really enthusiastic," makes required gen ed courses fun and not painful!""
""AWESOME CLASS AND PROFESSOR!""
""Great professor! A bit disorganized"," but also willing to go into a direction that the class is interested in going. Provides great exercises for writing and good feedback. Will definitely take more classes with him.""
""He's completely scatter-brained and tends to pop up with random assignments that aren't on the syllabus", have nothing to do with the course, and aren't that hard to do - just time consuming. He also likes to throw in an extra book the first week (that you won't use!). All that said, he knows his stuff," can be very helpful.""
""A quirky prof. Not a hard grader", but really marks up your work," gives good feedback. Has intersting (colorful?) class discussions. Nothing is off limits or """"bad"""". A fun INST class!""
""No Comments""
""No Comments""
""What a great prof!""
""Incredibly unorganized but he will make you work. Even though his exercises may seem pointless"," they tend to be useful later.""
""OMG"," what a blast! He makes class so much fun and he is such a goofy guy! It was GREAT! Would love to have more classes with him!""
""He was my advisor and after taking his Creativity and Writing class", I double-majored and quickly took every class he offered. No organization," but many times the disorganization is also the motivator for his themes and how he pushes you to write.""
""No Comments""
""No Comments""
""Bad Ass""
""He forces you to think and does things with imagination and enthusiasm!""
""He will stretch the imagination"," but be prepared for disorganization.""
""Prof is Luttenton is such a sweet guy and really passionate about his profession! His exams are really easy mainly vocab from textbook and diagrams (he tells what to study for). His passion makes lectures engaging and interesting.""
""Prof Luttenton is super knowledgeable in biology and loves to share it. He is a good lecturer and helps you understand the topics. His hybrid class was only graded by exams and some quizzes but they were all super easy and he outlined what you need to know. I would suggest him for someone who isn't especially good at biology since he is so helpful.""
""Most laid back prof I have ever had. Tests and quizzes were mainly vocab straight from the book", and if it was anything otherwise, expectations were very clear. The only downside to this class is that there were few chances for points," so doing well on the exams and quizzes was important. Overall is a super cool guy. Even brought his dog in once!""
""Mark is a pretty laid back professor and very knowledgeable. It wasn't required to go to class", but I enjoyed going because his lectures are pretty interesting and he can be pretty funny. The tests are a combination of definitions from the book and some notes from class," not too hard. I took this as a gened class but I enjoyed it a lot.""
""All we were graded on was 2 quizzes and the exams", which were mostly truefalse and multiple choice (straight from book vocab), I wasn't always so sure what to study for the short answerdiagram section though," he wasn't very clear on what he expected from that. I always skipped class because it was at 8:30 but that didn't usually hurt me on tests.""
""Professor Luttenton is awesome.  Nearly all the test material comes from the bold face words in the text book", which is tedious, but super straight forward. No homework, two quizzes," and four exams. Lectures aren't that bad because he always manages to keep the topic interesting with stories and his great sense of humor! ""
""He's such a funny teacher. His texts and quizzes are super easy. Mostly truefalsemultiple choice. He tells you what you should know for the tests. Try to show up and take the notes because sometimes you have to know a diagram for a test and he won't tell you on blackboard.""
""I had him at 8 am"," but he made lecture actually enjoyable. Very funny and nice. He was also very understanding and flexible when I was going through stuff that hindered my work ability in class. TAKE HIM!""
""He is extremely friendly and happy all the time.  Always jokes with students and makes class more interactive.  Tests are mostly memorization of a lot of material but they aren't too bad""
""Absolutely LOVE this guy! He is so smiley and friendly if you ever want to have someone make your day brighter you should go talk to him. He loves what he teaches and he is just so sweet! TAKE HIS CLASS!""
""AWESOME! He tells you exactly what to study! Exams are multiple choice", T/F, and 2-3 brief free response. Book is used for vocab only. Luttenton is a very friendly," laid back prof with plenty of stories to tell. Take any class with him!!!""
""Professor Luttenton was a very cool professor. Made coming to an 8am Biology class interesting. Test and quizzes were straight forward"," but a lot of learning on your own out of textbook for tests.""
""Very down to earth Prof", definitely knows his algae! Very nice to talk to and very informative on a lot of topics. His teaching style is pretty traditional but he expects you to know your stuff! I would definitely reccomend if you need a plant course," or you want to make a friend!""
""Dr. Luttenton is a fantastic lecturer", and it's easy to do well in his class if you attend the lectures, and follow his direct instructions of what to study for the tests/quizzes. He's an expert," and his stories are fun. Top-notch prof!""
""AWESOME!!! Lecture is always a hoot! Take him if you get the chance!!! Very helpful with course work and tells you outright what he expects of students for exams. b/c of his relaxed teaching style it's much easier to absorb info"," especially when tied to one of his hilarious stories. AWESOME!!! ps. you do need the book""
""He was great!!! LOVED this professor!! He was so funny and entertaining"," loves biology and makes you love it too.  VERY EASY class!! All you have to do is memorize every bolded word in the textbook.  That's seriously it! And no commulative final!""
""I don't like his teaching style. It is not clear at all and not organized.""
""useless.  he doesn't grade anything.  he comes up with an arbitrary grade based on how much he likes you.  he does not give you any comments on how to improve.""
""Mark is a great guy! He is a very enthusiastic and helpful teacher. The way he does his tests", he expects you to know everything," but only tests you on small hand selected portions of the material. This means hours of studying for very little gain. That has been my experience in this class.""
""Very enthusiastic teacher. Knows his stuff but spends majority of class period telling stories so gets way behind on lecture schedule. Good guy but could just read the chapter and get the same info. Expects you to know everything in chapter even if he didn't cover it. But no worries"," not too much on test. I didn't read chapters fully and did well.""
""Best Prof I have ever had! He is hilarious. Class is super easy",  he gives study guides for every exam (It's basically just the lecture outlines). There's no power points, he individually explains everything you need to know," with interesting real life examples. You right own research paper but it only needs to be two pages long. Take this class. ""
""He is not as easy as everyone says he is but he isn't too bad. He is a cool guy"," has a lot of stories from being in the Secret Service. He is beyond helpful and as long as you pay attention in class you will do well. If I was a CJ major I would try to get him as much as possible because he is a great guy.""
""Extremely interesting and fun class! Professor Grossenbacher is by far the best professor I have ever had.  Keeps class very interesting with stories of his years in the secret service. Gives out study guides for tests which are extremely helpful.""
""Easy easy easy class! I highly suggest taking it", and with Grossenbacher. He is a great professor and makes the class interesting. Attendance isn't mandatory but I always wanted to go to class and learn more. Don't buy the book," I got an A in the class and didn't use it""
""Professor Grossenbacher was the best! Easy tests", all multiple choice/true false. He makes study guides, and tells great stories about his 30 years experience in the secret service. He's a great professor," take him if you can! He makes me happy I chose this as my major.""
""This professor was my absolute favorite this semester. He makes this class really interesting and always makes sure that his students get everything he's teaching. A genuinely nice guy and has great stories from his 30 year career in the Secret Service. He's inspired me to pursue a career in criminal justice.""
""Prof Grossenbacher is an awesome prof.  He is very good about answering questions and clarity.  He's not unfair and what he says will be on the tests is actually there and there are no surprises!! He's an amazing prof! TAKE HIM!!""
""Awesome class. Awesome Prof. Very friendly", educated," great guy. HAs a great teaching personality which makes an already interesting class even better. Must take!""
""Great Professor. Wants his students to understand the material"," answers questions that the students have. I don't recommend buying the book. I got A's on my tests without reading it. He also tells interesting stories about the Secret Service and responds to emails promptly. Take him if you can.""
""Awesome professor"," made the class so interesting with his stories from the Secret Service. He really wants you to understand the material and explains things really well. Never read the book and got high b's on the exam and aced the paper.""
""DG is a great instructor!  He used to be in the Secret Service and it passionate about Criminal Justice and really wants you to understand what he's teaching.  He's funny and tells cool stories about when he was in the Secret Service.  Really fun guy"," you should get him if you can!""
""I love this teacher!! He's always so exicited to teach the class", and I have learned soo much! For all you CJ majors," you have to have this teacher because you will learn so much. :)""
""I loved this professor! He is very knowledgable in the subject and has great stories as a former member of the Secret Service. I had some family issues during the semester that made me miss class and he was very understanding and gave me plenty of time to make up the work.""
""Very good teacher", has a lot of background and the best stories.  He hopes everyone the best and is very helpful.  Take notes and do your study guides," you will be fine if you do that.  Great choice for cj classes.""
""After this semester", he's one of my favorite profesors, i was sad for the class to end. Good guy, great teacher. Definitely wants everyone to do well. Plus," he has awesome stories. If you have the opportunity take his class.""
""I'm an international student and this is my first semester at grand valley ", my english is still weak, but I got A in this class ,," professor Grossenbacher is the best""
""best professor for CJ. He's so intelligent and has such great stories that relate to each topic. Such an enjoyable class. MUST get him if you can. No homework", tests are so easy," and the final wasn't cumulative.""
""Definitely try to get this professor!!! He is great. A retired secret service agent with many interesting and relevant stories to add. His exams are pretty easy just multiple choice and t/f and he gives great review sheets. he is very helpful and understanding. Loved his class.""
""Well this was an easy class", but I really liked the class and definitely the professor. He had many Secret Service stories and had a twisted sense of humor that I liked, also he mentioned the Sopranos in class, which is always a good thing. The tests aren't too bad at all and he grades easily on the paper if you follow directions," take himforCJ 101""
""Grossenbacher is the best! Get this prof if you can. Very helpful", he wants you to do good in his class. His stories about the Secret Service are so cool. Only 3 tests, 1 final," and one small paper (2 pages). You will not regret taking this class!""
""Prof Klingler is a teacher who cares about his students learning and development. His excitement for math got his students excited. Need more like prof Klingler.""
""Great Professor"," which I could have Dr Klingler for every Math Class""
""All of his stuff is open note open partner besides the tests which are just open note. He is a very sarcastic guy and if you can't handle that don't take him. You do have to go to class for a small portion of your grade. Overall I highly recommend""
""Makes you do webwork. However"," every quiz is open note plus can be worked on with partners. Every test is also open note but test are completed by yourself. Im not very good at math and I still received an A. He is kind of boring to listen to but very nice. He offers extra credit too(a lot) and his grading scale is to the students advantage.""
""Quizzes you can work together on"," tests are open note. Lots of homework but it's easy and you go over it every week. He sometimes talks about other students when they're absent but not in a mean way.""
""I loved this class and this professor. You must to show up to class because he gives attendance points and participation points. He is very good about giving out extra credit and posting stuff that he does in class in case you miss something you can just get it off blackboard. He was very good about extending homework if needed. Highly recommend.""
""gives a lot of extra credit. not very good at teaching. many small quizzes", all take home, can work on with other people. his homework he gives out is much harder than in class tests. everything," including final is open book open note. easily gets off topic. cant read his handwriting. handouts that are done in class are helpful while taking tests""
""If you struggle with math don't take professor klingler. I really struggled with math and he did not make the class interesting or easy to understand for me. However"," if you do not struggle with math this class will be an easy A.""
""Super easy prof! Definitely recommend him to anyone! Talks a bit much and doesn't deal with disrespectful students. Tests/final are open notes and quizzes you can work with other people on them. Gives out a ton of extra credit opportunities. Great prof!""
""GREAT prof! He is very helpful and all his exams (including the final) you get to use your notes. Also"," you get to work with others on quizzes. Attend class and you will be fine.""
""only thing about this class that was annoying was the fact that I bought the textbook", which we didn't use all year. so don't buy it! really nice guy and is helpful and appreciates being asked questions after class/during office hours. sometimes is a little rude and talks about students grades in front of the class," but not in a mean way.""
""Klingler is very kind and caring"," always eager to help his students. His work was all online with tutorials on how to do the problem which were very beneficial. He's very generous with points and is always trying to help students succeed and make class enjoyable. He's a fair teacher and easy-grader. He also let us use notes on quizes and exams.""
""Great Professor! Not a difficult class. He will give out study guides for tests as well as extra credit. Very nice as well.""
""He's one of the best professors I've had so far. He gives A LOT of extra credit questions. He also give very helpful handouts that could lead you to getting a very good grade in the course. His quizzes and exams are all open book which is an advantage. He tells interesting stories about his life. I would definitely take this professor again!""
""He is very nice. Sometimes he talks a little too much"," but his stories are mostly interesting. I learned in the class and I liked it.""
""LOVED this teacher. He is older so he has stories he likes to tell but he explains the math in such an easy way you don't struggle! NO book needed", it's online. Tests are open book/notes," quizzes can be worked in groups. Easy class but you also learn. I love math now because of this prof!""
""Treated us like we were in elementary school. Attendance counts towards grade which i thought was stupid"," as well as participation. Easy class but you'd learn more yourself from him""
""He was really easy and I had not problem passing.  A lot of the time he was very rude and treated his students like children.  I felt I was not respected and felt he often mocked me.  If you want someone easy go ahead and take him but I would not recommend him to anyone.""
""His tests are open book/open note- MAJOR plus. If you go to his office hours", he is extremely helpful, and will tell you pretty much exactly what to expect on his tests. Be careful not to ignore the seemingly pointless worksheets, though- it'll pull your grade down," if you don't turn them in.""
""Great professor. Looks like santa clause. I got a 103% in the class"," and learned so much while not putting too much work into the class. Take him!""
""DON'T TAKE HIM. In lecture"," he just reads the slides word for word. His lectures are so hard to pay attention to because he makes it so boring. When you want to ask him a question he's very rude about it and makes you feel dumb. He expects all of his students to be geniuses. His tests are also very difficult & have mostly written parts.""
""Prof. Burg is very quiet in his lectures and mumbles often. I sat in the 5th row of the lecture hall and had a very hard time hearing him speak. He is very accessible to his students but when I asked him questions I oftentimes felt he was too smart to put the material into simpler terms for me. Be prepared to study A LOT.""
""Exams are pretty tough and very detailed. Lectures can be pretty boring and often go on a tangent. I personally just didnt enjoy him as a professor.""
""Martin Burg was the worst professor I have ever had at GVSU. He expected us to be all knowing and marked down everything he could. He told me I should study harder and spend more time studying when I went to him but I had a tutor", study group," and studied more than any other class. He only cares about his flies. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! He ruined me.""
""DO NOT take Burg! He was by far the worst professor I have ever had at gvsu. His lectures are beyond boring", as he reads his slides word for word in a monotone voice. When it comes to the tests," he expects you to be a genius and the exams are very difficult. He is very rude to his students and he is not very helpful during his office hours.""
""DON'T DO IT. You can tell that Burg is very smart", but is a terrible professor. He has four exams throughout the semester, and all of them have very low class averages. They are extremely specific, and if you don't write exactly what he wants to hear in the essay questions," he won't give you credit. I recommend finding someone else for physiology.""
""Wow", this class was the hardest class I have taken. Prof. Burg's lectures are so heavy and wordy that it is hard to focus. Although most dates are stated in the syllabus, he does not remind you of due dates for assignments so BE AWARE ! Exam's are about 40% multiple choice and 60% short answer/ essay," this is what hurt my grade the most.""
""His tests are insane difficult. Got a D on every single exam and cried in his office multiple times. Would not recommend.""
""I came into this class after reading prior ratings thinking he would be awful. He definitely has improved this year. He uses fill ins on his slideshows but you can only see them if you show up to class. His lectures are everywhere though so you're better to just read the book. Heavy tests but a few HW assignments help. Extra credit is offered.""
""Literally the worst professor"," extremely rude and horrible at explaining. Avoid him at all costs. Doing better in orgo than his class.""
""He is a chemistry professor teaching physiology and that is very evident. Very"," very hard and boring.""
""one of the worst prof's Ive ever had.""
""This class was AMAZING!!! Dr. Burg won't take your crap but makes sure you know the material and will give you research opportunities. Great introduction to research projects and genomics. You are not actually working with flies.""
""Would never take a class with him again""
""Seemed to expect us to be experts on everything before he even talked about it in class. Tests were very difficult and specific.""
""I think there are some truths in past reviews but take that with a grain of salt. Dr. Burgs class is difficult at times but he makes you learn in a way that you'll be very proficient in the material. Some people really don't like him but I thought he was a nice guy who honestly cared about you succeeding if yo showed that you wanted to put effort""
""It takes a lot for me to say I'm doing better in organic chemistry than this class. which should not be the case. he reads from the slides and exams are very difficult. I get good grades in everything yet this class I will have to retake. also"," he saves homework for the weekend before exams""
""DO NOT TAKE HIM.  He makes you memorize pointless mechanisms and is unclear with all of his criteria for the class.  He is arrogant and has a monotone voice that will put you right to sleep.  He makes himself seem available", but his office hours are pointless," he just talks about himself.  He saves loads of homework for the week before the test.""
""Burg is an awful prof. He treated the class like a 400 level instead of 200 and had unrealistic expectations. He's a nice guy and makes himself overly available to students but his exams are impossible. Exams have essays and short answer and if you don't say EXACTLY what he expects you fail. 290 is a difficult class but he makes it so much worse.""
""It's definitely possible to do fairly well in class", but it's not easy. Lectures are long and dull," and his explanations aren't very good or helpful. I would recommend doing the review questions and reading the book after going to lecture to try to understand the material better.  Pretty much everything discussed in lecture is on the exams.""
""Hrinca is the worst. Literally have to teach the entire course to yourself. He only reviews homework in class", you literally have to read the textbook and teach yourself the math, he does almost zero lecture in class," just pop quizzes and answers questions.""
""Very easy class"," professor is kind of a character but is very understanding. An overall good class!""
""He's an amazing teacher who genuinely cares about his students and their success. I was scared going into the class because at first he seemed strict"," but I easily passed. Anyone could take this class and get a satisfactory grade if they put at least half-effort into it.""
""Dr. Hrinca is very intelligent and passionate about math", but that NEVER translates into his lectures, which are incredibly slow, boring, and rambling often going on long tangents. Gives unclear instructions and assignments, often forgetting about them, randomly demanding them," or changing the instructions. Gets mad at students for not loving math""
""Such an easy A!!! On the final he asks you what grade you deserve and just hype yourself up and he'll give it to you! Not an interesting class at all but cant complain because it was so easy!""
""Dr. Hrinca has to be one of the most memorable professors I've had at Otterbein. He genuinely cares about each and every one of his students"," and if you just show up to class and participate you will get an A.""
""SUCH AN EASY CLASS. Lets you grade yourself on the final"," and on tests. Super laxed. Definitely not the best at teaching but knows his stuff and is super understanding. Just go to class and you'll get at least a B.""
""Hrinca is great! Super understanding guy", makes you participate in class," is willing to spend time clarifying subjects and encourages students to help each other out. Projects/journals are a great way to boost your grade in the class.""
""If you fear mathematics but are open minded","  this is the class for you. Dr.. Hrinca will help you  build the confidence needed to  learn math concepts  and be successful. ""
""He knows his stuff"," but is terrible at teaching it""
""Stats was pretty easy . Hrinca is a great guy with a unique sense of humor. Go to class and listen and you should do fine. DO NOT TEXT IN CLASS he will kick you out.""
""Wonderful Prof! Knows his subject matter very well and cares deeply about his students. Great sense of humor - very understanding if you have to turn in an assignment late now and then. Don't miss his lectures",as most of the course content comes during class, not the text. Reasonable workload. Show up," pay attention participate & you'll do well!""
""Dr. Hrinka's awesome. He's very smart and as long as you show up and try hard"," he'll give you an A.""
""Best guy ever! Truly cares about his students", takes time out of his own day to call each student to let them know how they're doing," good and bad. Definitely recommend!""
""This guy is one of the best teachers ever! Enough said. And his enthusiasm is inspiring!""
""Best teacher I have ever had. Very knowledgeable", understanding, passionate about math.  I struggle with Math but he made class fun and easy to understand. He does expect you to participate in class, however," a good attitude can get you a FAR FAR way in his class. Very generous grader.""
""He is not always as clear as what he should"," but his passion and enthusiasm for mathematics is inspiring.""
""Very good professor"," very kind and caring and is sarcastic and fun as well!""
""Very helpful!  Really cares about his students succeeding.  He teaches in a way that's easy to understand.  If you have questions"," he'll make sure to make himself available so you can ask him stuff.  He makes sure you're prepared for tests as much as he can.  And he's hilarious.""
""Dr. Hrinca was awesome!  I've had two classes with him and will take more.  I got an A for having a positive attitude (there wasn't a lot of that at 8am) and actually showing up and trying. People say he's hard but that's just the content.  If you take the time to talk to him about tests he'll give you an A even if you screw up.  I love him.""
""This guy blew my mind. Such a great lecturer. Loved the course.""
""He was a great teacher. Worksheets and textbooks are not what defines a great teacher. Either is the workload. At the end of the day
""He's a funny guy. Uses visualaides a lot", tells you when quizzes will be. Makes jokes, reminds you when things are due.. and he tries to keep it as fun as possible, but its history... Exams are easy. Listen to what he says, and take notes," then you wont have to look things up for the exam. Easy laid back guy! Take him!!!!""
""Dont listen to the last comment", you'll be happy you took him.  Very easy grader, long as you go to class and do the very light reading assgments, you can sit back and watch videos in the classroom, and collect your A.  Overall I'd take him for every class if i could, funny guy, laid back," nice and has no problem giving you a good grade.""
""Without a doubt worst prof ever. Colleges think he is a joke. Uses ****ing YouTube", & movies to teach. Seriously do not take this guy. He gives GVSU a bad name. I would expect better at a CC. I am getting pissed just writing this. What a ****ing moron. He loves Gangs of New York," thinks it is historically pertinent. I paid to be taught by Scorsese?""
""Funny guy", class is a bit boring, but he does make you laugh.. Lots of visuals," hardly any homework... Keep up with your blogs! He makes history as interesting as this stuff can be!""
""Very good teacher all around. Good grading system and exam. Not boring", very energetic!! Hope to have again," but he will be leaving next year.""
""He was boring and very unclear of what he expected from the students. He was very unhelpful when asked questions.""
""Love all the visual material that makes class interesting""
""Honestly this was an easy class to get by in without doing much although my grade only came out with about a C.  Only work done in class is a 300 word journal summary of the week's lecture and a midterm and final done online but he gives you the questions done ahead of time. He is kind of a tough grader and this class is so boring!!!""
""Very nice professor. He made History a little bit more interesting by telling facts that aren't normally brought up and everything is online!""
""VERY nice", understanding, friendly, helpful, funny and clear. He makes history easy and bring up facts that are usually left out but very interesting. One-of-a-kind professor," HIGHLY recommended.""
""Wonderful Prof! He is very passionate and knowledgeable", and does a good job of keeping you interested.  Some days are more exciting than others," but overall excellent!""
""Travis was a great prof if you don't like history.  EVERYTHING is online", so its not critical to go to class, but he is very helpful in explaining things if you do.  No assignments, just essays for the mid-term and final.  Plus," he's a really nice guy... I would recommend him.""
""Easy class if you at least try to attend.  No quizzes or homework or reading.  Graded on Midterm and Final", both of which are essay," but he gives you the questions on the first day.  Also must complete a short journal for each day.  Not too bad.  He's pretty funny sometimes too. Take him=U do good.""
""Good prof", nice and funny, lots of videos and movies, he has online reading on the syllabus, but I only read the textbook and did fine.  Write a paper and two take home exam things. Ok class," prof is easy if you do what he asks.""
""Very nice and laid back. He lectures alot but if you take good notes the class is pretty fun and managable.""
""He is a fun professor!  he is very laid back and flexible.  lectures can get boring b/c he talks mostly all hour", but not all are like that.  he uses movies and music a lot.  his exams are all essay," which are on BB and he gives you the exact questions before hand.  Excelent!  I would suggest him!!""
""Nice Professor.  He makes history interesting.  Great use of media.  Once questions are available on BB for the midterm and final","it is helpful to prepare ahead of time.  He starts posting the questions 2 or 3 weeks before the exam.  You can then paste your answers at exam time.""
""for the online bb exams", he gives 6 to 9 Q's. He chooses two questions and you answer one of those, then you answer another question of your own choosing. Hint: have one question completely done ahead of time," then open the exam and see the two Q's ..50 minutes to write 300-500 words. Saves time""
""She tells great stories from her childhood in Spain and she has a great sense of humor.""
""I'm a Spanish minor and I found this class very fun.  Her stories are hilarious", and if you take good notes and attend most lectures, you will do well. You will not know your grade," but you can guess based on participation and the exams she gives back graded.  She is willing to help after class as well.""
""She doesn't post your grades", but if you participate (definitely speak up!) and take good notes you will do well.  Her stories are hilarious, and you will not be bored.  She was always willing to talk after class about anything confusing.  If it fits into your schedule," definitely choose this professor for this class.""
""She's tough. She's abrasive.  She's a little crazy. If you're a major and ready to get down to business", she will open up and be ready to work with you at any time of day on any topic. If you're not into Spanish, she'll be able to tell, and she will eat you up. If you want to learn, you will learn a LOT. For those faint of heart," find someone else.""
""THE BEST!! She is such a knowledgeable woman that goes beyond what needs to be taught and teaches everyone life lessons while doing her everyday teaching. All you really need to do is pay attention and read the material that is in the syllabus"," she gives out pretty straightforward exam practices and all you gotta do is study from them.""
""She is insane.  There is no other way to put it.  You cannot talk to her and she does all your grades by memory"," not writing anything down.  So at the end she just thinks up a grade for you.  She won't know anyone's name throughout the semester so go figure on how she comes up with a participation grade for you.  She majorly wastes class time.""
""Take this one with a grain of salt because she wasn't very fond of our class. Make sure you participate!!!! You won't have a good idea of your grade throughout the semester. She is helpful if you have issues with a paper. Her study guides were helpful as well.""
""She's fantastic! We didn't really follow the syllabus"," but she was a wealth of knowledge. Not to mention that she's hilarious and made us homemade paella for the last day of class. I enjoyed her throughly.""
""She is the BEST... Loved her lectures entertaining", down to earth," just the BEST""
""Just like most Spanish classes", you never follow the syllabus, just make sure you listen in class to know what's going on.  Very interesting prof.  Good stories. Very approachable.  Supposed to speak only Spanish but would talk in English if class didn't understand the concept.  Keep up on reading," come to class and participate and you'll get an A.""
""This class was really easy.  She tells you to read a lot of stuff", but then goes over it in class.  Make sure you proofread your papers and you'll get A's on them.  She tries to make class as interesting as she can. Make sure you participate in class and you'll be fine.  Class isn't too hard to get a good grade in," just put forth a little effort.""
""Loved her! She's like a mom. She made me want to keep on learning spanish. Very funny and fiesty! Very little homework assigned other than memorization. Has you practice in claass which is very helpful. Helped me understand english grammar as much as spanish. Looked forward to going to class.""
""She says whatever is on her mind", good or bad. I felt intimidated to participate b/c she humiliated many other students. If you have bad grammar, she announces it to the whole class. Funny, helpful, caring, intelligent," but she doesn't think before she speaks and she ends up hurting a lot of people""
""I love her!  She is one of my favorite professors here.  She can be intimidating at first.  Her classes are not for the weak.  Do you work and participate and she's great about helping you whenever you need it. I'll miss her while she's gone.  I'd definitely recommend her.""
""I am SO sad that she's going on sabbatical! Fernandez is a great professor
""Laughed my butt off
""Her bark is worse than her bite. She scared the crap out of me at the beginning out of the class"," but she's not bad at all - she's actually quite funny. Just be respectful and participate in class. I hope to have her again.""
""She is a great professor. She tells it like it is! She is so much fun!  Go to class"," do the work and talk in class and you will do just fine!!!""
""Loved her! Very clear", willing to help," super easy exams! Funny in a strange way but very funny. Great Professor. One of the greatest""
""She is a kind person and knows what she teaches", though her method of grading is questionable. Make sure you keep tabs on your grades," she isn't very organized.""
""He truly cares about all of his students and wants to see them become amazing teachers. He tries to give his students real experience with teaching by setting up volunteering in schools and by giving real papers to grade. He gives great lectures that make you realize how you want to teach. Homework is pretty light and resembles what a teacher does.""
""This Professor is AWESOME! He's my favorite because he gives you good feedback and make learning in his class very meaningful and engaging. He's gives fair clemency on legitimate circumstances", but don't think for a second your going to take advantage of his kindness," for it won't be very useful to do so.""
""Professor White has been my best college professor so far. I injured my ankle during the semester and he worked to create a new course work to make it easier for me due to my dificulty  getting to class. Amazing prof that really knows how to teach.""
""Best teacher I have ever had. Would take again in a heartbeat.""
""Brian White is an amazing professor and teaches his students to become better educators and people.  I feel more prepared to be a teacher after this class and feel so lucky to have had him.  Though it is challenging and most students do not receive A's"," he provides so much more than  GPA boost.  Definitely recommend.""
""Prof. White prepares you to be a teacher. His uses open dialogue and class participation to get you to think more deeply about teaching as an art. If you can take his class"," do so. You will gain so much. ""
""Professor White will inspire you to be the best teacher you can be. This class was extremely challenging and stressful
""Highly recommend this professor for any English education capstone student. He is very knowledgeable about education", writing and more. The assignments are tough, and he grades hard, but that is to be expected for a capstone course. Best advice is to meet with him any chance you can. He is so helpful and gives wonderful," constructive feedback.""
""Brian genuinely cares about his students. He pushed us to problem-solve rather than simply """"answering"""" our questions", and demonstrated tremendous expertise as an English teacher! He gave excellent feedback after observations
""He is the best professor around and he helps everyone. His lectures are really awesome. He is one of the kindest and best professor in GVSU.""
""Professor White has very high expectations", but also gives clear feedback.  I think this class was practical and useful," but also very stressful.  Don't wait until the last minute to work on your unit plan!""
""It doesn't get better than Brian White! He establishes a great classroom atmosphere and day one", and enlightens students each and every day. He tells you the truth about things, not sugar coated versions of what people want you to think. It was a LOT of hard work," but you come out of this class more prepared as a profession and as a human being.:-)""
""Prof. White is one of the best profs I have ever had. This class completely changed the way I looked at teaching literature. There is a TON of work and he has extremely high expectations but you will end up with some really useful unit plans. If you want to be an English teacher"," take this class!!!""
""The best professor I have ever had.  He changed the way I look at the idea of teaching and in doing so changed my life.  TAKE HIM.  He is demanding", but he will push you to do things you didn't know you were capable of.  After taking him," I was (and am) proud of everything I learned and accomplished in that class! Looked forward to class every day.""
""Hands down", the best professor in the English department (and possibly the university). Not only did I switch my major to English from Social Studies, but I have a notebook full of activities, lesson plan ideas," and unit plan outlines to use. I feel like I could start teaching tomorrow with the knowledge and materials gained from 311. Take him!""
""Prof. White is amazing. His class is tough", and takes a lot of work, but it's almost as it doesn't even matter. He makes you make sure that you do everything in teaching literature for a reason," and overall he's just brilliant. Highly recommended.""
""A really great professor", but he is difficult as hell! Be prepared to do more work than you ever have before. However, even though he is really tough, he is so nice, helpful," and funny...and that makes him worth taking!""
""Brian is an awesome professor. This class was ridiculously hard"," but ridiculously amazing at the same time. If you put forth the effort (and don't skip classes) you'll be fine. Highly recommend.""
""Very knowledgeable about the material and urges students to help each other. Won't spoon-feed you the information by any means", but will strive to help you understand it in class. Not lenient at all about missing class and late assignments/extensions," even in emergencies...gives really good feedback/suggestions if you take the time to communicate!""
""Brian is a wonderful professor. If you have the chance", TAKE HIM. I've learned a lot from him, and he is a great person. Brian's expectations for the two papers are very high, but if you do well on the portfolio and participate in class," you will do fine. ABSOLUTELY LOVED HIM!!""
""Not bad"," not great. Dr. Hong is a little condensending to students. Not the hardest class but not a blow off class either.""
""Professor Hong was pretty alright overall. His accent really isn't too hard to understand. His tests are easy", but make sure you go to class because he'll essentially tell you what's going to be on them. I didn't open the book once," so don't bother buying it. He tends to be pretty condescending when you go to him for help though.""
""A lot of labs and they are due at the end of class. If you are more slow-paced than others"," do not expect that he will let you turn it in during office hours for full points. I always did labs beforehand outside of class since all you need to know is in the coursepack. I showed up to turn in labs and leave. Take a different professor if you can.""
""Very difficult to understand. Gives very surface level explanations and makes you figure the concepts out yourself on the homework. Does not usually let you ask homework questions until after it's turned in.""
""No need for book. Best stats professor ever! Always has time for his students.. even leaves his office open during lunch. Very fair grader and can argue your grade. Go to office hours to check projects and you will always do well. I got a 98% in his class and its the only stats class I really learned from. Don't miss class Hard projects & easy exam""
""Very fair and helpful prof
""Great professor and a nice guy.  I am not a math wiz by any means and I pulled of an A- in his class.  Just listen and ask for help if needed.  He does an EXCELLENT job in explaining 'difficult' concepts in a relatively easy and understandable way which i think is the best thing about him.  If you suck at math and need STATS215"," i recommend him""
""Prof. Hong is an excellent professor.  He explains what he wants", and gives you the tools needed to do the projects, and if turned in on time," grades pretty easily.  He also responds unusually quickly to emails.  Not a lazy professor by any means.""
""Soon is awesome. Very clear in what he wants and how to do assignments. He does NOT take late assignments", so be sure to get them in on time. Made me want to switch to a stats minor. Don't believe the BS about not being able to understand him. He speaks perfect English," just with an accent.""
""Wonderful teacher. His English is perfectly fine", regardless of what others have said, but he's Korean and he has a Seoul accent.  He's very helpful," replies to emails promptly and will answer all questions you have. Tests are easy if you've done your homework and paid attention.  let you use a sheet of equations on tests.""
""Cannot understand him!!""
""Difficult concepts", doesnt have the best English skills, Will help you in and out of class but is condensending, or makes you feel dumb," which is very frustrating!""
""I really enjoyed professor Hong. His lectures went by quick and although he has an accent"," he was fairly easy to understand. Overall the class was pretty easy as long as you went to lab.""
""I could not understand this teacher at all. When you ask him something he makes you feel dumb and can't even answer. The lab quizzes are unneccessary but there are a ton of them. don't take this prof..most are easier!!""
""Prof. Hong was pretty easy. Sometimes he's hard to understand", but when it came to the homework," he pretty much gave the answers. He lets you use your condensed notes on a sheet of paper for the quizzes and final.""
""You should feel lucky you don't want to kill yourself after having Hong.He makes you feel like such a failure and says """"why don't you don't know that?!"""" when you ask a question.When we came to class",he wanted us to tell him what we read in the book
""I didn't like stats that much and this prof didn't really help. If you ask a question he makes fun of you. I was fairly lost with the new material but eventually it makes sense.  The tests are fairly easy but there are like 3 or 4 questions that he never went over.""
""Prof. Hong is a pretty funny guy. 215 is an extremely easy class. always study his lecture foci and the book. i found his lecture worthless. The lab work was almost always really easy. overall I'd recommend him.""
""I understood more from the book"," than I did from him or attending class.""
""You probably wont understand the first or second day of each chapter", but make sure you still take notes on the gibberish, it will make sense later! If you do the homework and know the worksheets he passes out in class," youll ace the tests if you are decently smart. He does enjoy making fun of people who asks questions he deems as stupid.""
""dont worry everyone shes retiring so you guys are all lucky and dont have to deal with her""
""do not take Helen Klein", she does not know how to use even the simplest technology, and shes teaching a technology based course. her lectures are not clear at all," and her exams are extremely tough. take both MGT 480's instead of taking MGT 475.""
""This lady is no good. She makes things so confusing and doesn't know how to properly teach or grade. She makes the students do work without ever teaching it. Awful. Grading system is terrible", doesn't teach anything so you have no clue what to expect but then she is an incredibly particular grader. Quizzes are bad," from the book without the info.""
""Honestly", just a really bad professor. She is a genuinely nice lady," she just doesn't really know what she's doing. Just seemed clueless a lot and taught myself most of the stuff including SAP. Somehow. I don't know. I'd definitely avoid her""
""She is a interesting professor in her own way. She knows the material but has a hard time displaying. Be ready to teach yourself. Do the exercises so you can be ready for the final project. Seek the ERP interns if you need more help. Best of luck and stress.""
""Worse teacher at GVSU. Is NOT helpful at all & loves to use the """"in the real world"""" to cover up the fact that she will not help. Has little to no knowledge of SAP. Unfortunately she is the only instructor for this class.""
""Truly awful teacher", possibly the worst I've had at GVSU. She spends the whole class time talking about pointless topics and then puts together incredibly hard tests with questions that seem to come out of nowhere. She assigns projects without explaining how to do them," and takes off points without justification. Avoid her at all costs!""
""Horrible Teacher. Do not take her. ", Waves around her masters that she received 30 yrs ago, as if that qualifies her as a good teacher. She has no clue how to use a computer, which is a problem considering it is completely a computer based class. She is ambiguous,  and has an unorthodox grading style," she doesn't even know what she wants.""
""Do not take MGT 268 with Klein. She is truly an awful professor. This class would be a blow off class with most teachers however due to Kleins ambiguous teaching style it is not. She is a teacher that hides behind her 30 year U of M diploma and says """"see I am smart."""" If you are not aware MGT 268 is a computer based class"," unfortunately computers fr""
""Do not let her be your professor. She understands little to nothing of the course material and can't answer student's questions. The notes she gave us were scattered", incomprehensible," and useless in studying for her exceptionally difficult midterm/final (sh*t study guilds too). She gets mad at students when no one understands what she's """"teaching""""""
""Poor teaching. Tests at times will not match what is taught in class. Stay away!! Very poor professer.""
""I wouldn't recommend anyone to take her. She is not helpful and really doesn't know the material.""
""Run for the hills. Not helpful at all.""
""She is aweful"," and has no clue about anything with the topic.""
""Her lectures are very boring and the class may seem easy but her test are kind of difficult. Make sure to study power points because she puts every thing on test even if it doesn't seem important.""
""Her class was very confusing at times. She was very confusing when using SAP in class. Her projects were challenging and appropriate. Her exams were very difficult they are short answer or fill in the blank. Many answers were subjective so it was hard to know what she was looking for in a correct answer. I would not take her again if I had a choice""
""RUN AWAY! Take any other teacher but her. She assigns projects on computer programs assuming you already know how to use them. She doesn't help at all if you have questions. She thinks she's helping", but she's pretty useless. There are barely any instructions to assignments," and when their are parts are usually missing leaving the class frustrated.""
""She is a great person but she is always struggling with the computer", she assigns several assignments at a time with two days to do them, and the tests are REALLY hard.  The class, in general," is really boring.  The plus side is that you're in a computer lab every day so you can do other things while she's talking.""
""No book for this course. Some test questions come out of no where. Overall i would say she is a pretty good teacher.""
""She's a really nice lady
""Professor Boelkins is a living legend. I don't enjoy math as a subject", but I loved coming into his class. The way he provides instruction is crystal clear and he does a great job of helping even those of us who struggle with math at times (me) understand the material. Take Professor Boelkins for whatever classes you can," he is so kind and cares!""
""if you have the chance to take Prof Boelkins", DO IT! I have never had a professor care so much about the success of his students. He is a great teacher, well organized, and very motivating. There is a heavy workload in his class, but if you stay consistent and utilize his help," it's very doable. Definitely recommend!""
""Professor Boelkins is an excellent and passionate professor. Everything in the class was wonderfully organized. My only complaint was the amount of homework we got. If that was toned down"," it would have been absolutely perfect. Definitely take this class if you get excited about math and/or looking to get a deep understanding of the subject.""
""Professor Boelkins assigned homework almost every week that took me longer than 8 hours each time. I would get A's in every category except never got higher than a C+ on his exams. He was very picky on answers and would never answer my question when I would ask what he wants. Overall his class is doable but really hard to do well in.""
""Waaaaaay too much homework. I was drowning. I fell behind a little in class and went to his office hours. He barely had time to see me. When we went through problems and I explained my thinking he asked why I would think something so ridiculous. He put me down even though I was still trying to succeed. Not a nice guy"," don't waste the time with him.""
""Professor Boelkins is my favourite teacher Ive ever had in college. His class is extremely difficult but you will learn so much from his class that you will feel much smarter after each class. His proof portfolios demand a lot of work but Boelkins office hours are easily accessible and you can always email him for help. He responds very quickly.""
""His class was my favorite college math class. I loved going to class every day.""
""best professor i've had in college. only thing i dont like is the writing assignments""
""Professor Boelkins has been the best math professor I've had at Grand Valley thus far. He assigns a heavy amount of homework but it is expected in a math course. He's always willing to help explain ideas clearly and makes himself available if you have further questions. He's very educated on calculus and math in general.""
""He was a great professor. he does give a lot of homework but he will work with you if you don't clearly understand the topic. he does tend to explain thing in an odd way but allows you to work with other classmates to get a better understanding""
""Professor Boelkins is an incredibly respected teacher", however his class is extremely difficult. I believe he just assumes his students know the material. His note sheets are not truly notes," its for you to figure out on your own. He is willing to help outside of class so take advantage of his office hours. He grades tough and be prepared to write.""
""One of the worst professor I have taken. Does not teach well and makes a simple topic so complex and confusing. He puts people on the spot and confuses them if they know the answer. If you're an engineering student"," he will talk crap about you and say you don't understand what you're doing. Said I did a disservice to my table for a derivative trick.""
""MTH 210 with Prof. Boelkins shaped me as a student. I loved it. It was so hard", definitely not a commitment I would be up for every semester, but invaluable as a one-time experience. Learned more than I can quantify: math, discipline, self-educating/self-learning, work ethic," and how to meet high expectations.""
""Professor Boelkins is by far my favorite professor I've had here at GVSU. He also is the TOUGHEST professor I've ever had too", and his courses are not easy. Although, his classes are tough he always makes time for his students and puts students first in his class. You will learn a lot," and start the portfolio EARLY! Great life advice too!""
""He seems reasonable and very knowledgeable at first", which he is very knowledgable. However,"  with the """"daily prep""""", Labs, problem of the week, webwork, studying and normal homework, the work for this course is entirely unreasonable. He is ready to help," but his expectations are much too high.""
""This was THE worst math class I've ever taken. Instead of having lectures", Prof B just gives you groups and hope you figure it out for yourself. Coming into this class with an A in every other math course I've taken, and not doing well in this class," I STRONGLY encourage you not to take this prof.""
""He's a great guy. Really helpful"," but if you're struggling a ton he will get annoyed with you easily. I went to his office hours multiple times and I always left feeling like he was making it clear I was wasting his time. I wouldn't take a course with him again. ""
""Prof. Boelkins is an awesome professor. He is willing to help you out", and is flexible if need be. He is, however," uncompromising in his expectations - you will get lots of """"notation matters"""" notes on assignments/exams. He assigns  A LOT  of homework - more than any other class I've taken at GV. It's frustrating to spend all my time on a cognate.""
""Dr. Boelkins is hands down the best professor I have ever had. He does everything in his power to give you the tools to learn and succeed. Easily accessible in office hours too. You just have to put the work in for it"," but it's definitely worth it.""
""This is by far the HARDEST class I have ever taken at Grand Valley. Professor Boelkins is willing to help you", however," he makes judgements within the first weeks of whether you are capable of doing well in the class - and does not change these judgements regardless of how hard you work. Nearly impossible to pass.""
""Professor Albrecht is a good guy and means well", but he is extremely political and sometimes hard to listen to. I have him for SPM 202 right now and is very left wing bias," so be ready for that if you take him.""
""Professor Albrecht was one of my favorites. His lecture videos were very easy to listen & engage in. It was my only asynchronous class (out of 4 others) that I never felt I was falling behind & also one of the only classes I have actually learned & retained all of the information. TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!!!""
""Dr. Albrecht is one of the best professors I have had Grand Valley. His lectures were amazing and he was engaged in them which is always nice since we didn't have a set meeting time and everything was asynchronous. If you listen to his lectures and take good notes you'll pass this class. Easy A!""
""Prof. Albrecht has been so amazing. His lectures are always super interesting and he is easy to listen to. He cares about his students and truly does want all of his us all to be as successful as possible. Easy A as long as you do what is asked if you.""
""Prof. Albrecht is definitely the best prof I've ever had. Most people on here who give him a low score either don't like his yelling or don't agree with the content he presents. He makes it very easy for you to pass his class if you show up and take notes"," which are VERY clearly given to you. He repeats himself a LOT which helps with memorization.""
""Just show up and take notes and you will have no problem getting an A. Only book you actually need is his personal book he wrote. Lecture heavy but interesting topics most time. Terrible at answering questions in class though""
""I could write a novel about why I don't like this prof. He constantly says how he has tenure so he is """"untouchable."""" So disrespectful and rude. Yells the whole class bc he thinks its motivating. Quiz every thursday over notes so you have to be in class to have the notes. Alot of papers and """"learning opportunities."""" Just don't take this prof.""
""I personally did not enjoy this class or this prof. He is very opinionated and very condescending. He teaches his opinion to you rather than actual factual information. The lectures are very boring and he can get side tracked with a story for an entire class period. Class itself is easy but he is very"," very boring.""
""He's a very loud professor but genuinely cares about your success in the class Does have quizzes every week"," but if you read and show up to class easy points""
""Dr. Albrecht is one of the best professors I have had at GV. If you go to class & pay attention then passing the class should be no problem. He gives few assignments", which are easy A's if you complete them," & weekly quizzes. He is passionate about what he teaches which makes it easy to pay attention & learn. I definitely recommend Dr. Albrecht!!""
""He's a great professor. He's very passionate and enthusiastic about his profession and what he teaches. Show up to class and you'll do great.""
""He was a great professor. He doesn't give test but you get quizzes and many writing assignments. The books will be needed for some assignments but not many. He is very enthusiastic and made class interesting. Makes you learn and not memorize material. He is helpful and there for students. I would recommend him for future classes as well.""
""Awesome professor! Super energetic and really gets into his lectures", which keeps you interested in what you're learning. He clarifies the material a lot and there's a quiz every week," but they're super easy so just make sure you pay attention and you should do great. Didn't use the textbooks much but you'll need them for some assignments.""
""Great professor. Zero complaints""
""Professor Albrecht is spectacular. He makes lectures very interesting and clarifies things a lot. He is a very reasonable grader as well. No exams except a final- just quizzes which were not difficult. TAKE HIM- you will not regret it.""
""Best professor ever! Easy class as long as you go and pay attention you see the material a million times and the final is cumulative""
""Easiest class PLUS I learn!!! I don
""Give you everything you need to succeed in his class", you the work and study the material and you will do fine.  He will not leave any student behind, if you do not understand something ask, he wants you to learn and know the material. He can stay on one subject to long," but he is very passionate about teaching.""
""Easy if you keep up with assignments", I forgot a few of the online quizzes, he doesnt remind the class very much on assignments," make sure you check sylubus often. I didnt really agree with some of the content taught but it was good to see the other side of the spectrum of what I belive how to be an effective coach""
""One of the easiest and best classes I have taken here at Grand Valley. I just showed up to class everyday and never studied outside of class at all and got a 100% in the class. Also I feel like I learned a ton of information that will help me later in life. Definitely recommend taking him.""
""Pretty arrogant", always assumes you know nothing about your own project that you've spent the entire semester working on. He really stresses the design process, which is helpful for learning how to take a project from start to finish, but long assignments on that make it hard to actually focus on the project itself," leaving you to cram at the end.""
""Rare in-class insight is mixed in with an abundance of bashing GVSU executives and other departments. Grading is terribly inconsistent.  While the assignment is explained holistically"," be aware that grading will be scored on small details regardless of overall quality.""
""He is unnecessarily hard and unwilling to help. He writes this off as an attempt to condition his students to the real world. He's generally grouchy and doesn't seem to fit well in the honors program.""
""He seems arrogant", but really I think it is that he wants you to be your best- always.  He is trying to get you to get all the bad habits of poor engineering worked out of you.  Knows a little about a lot.  I have asked him what he would do with specific engineering challenges," and always seems to have a unique solution.""
""Rude and full of himself. Quick to put you down if you don't know the answer or understand something right away. Try to avoid taking him...""
""I had him for lab. He is pretty arrogant and rambles about himself quite a bit but you get used to it. He's very respectable even though he is pretty egotistical. He usually left the class for most of the lab which was kind of annoying when you had questions to ask him but the labs were usually pretty easy. All in all I would recommend him.""
""Went off on a tangent almost every class period. He would sometimes take an hour talking about something that didn't have anything to do with the class work. Very unclear about expectations.""
""Very funny and entertaining as a lab professor", but he is a bit unclear with the grading criteria at times.  He also is hard to reach outside of class.  The assignments are pretty demanding," but they all are in the Engineering department.""
""Alright. Spends most of his time with the upperclassmen classes. Alright. Most students thought the class was hard. Alright. If you read and did the work it was easy. Alright. Online Quizzes suck. Alright. Hes unorganized.""
""He can explain the material well in lecture"," but he's not helpful outside of class. Also he never replies back to e-mails (in case you have questions about anything you learned in class or lab) which is really annoying.""
""What a jerk.  He's funny in class", but he has no concern for anybody but himself.  He pressures you into doing things you don't want to do.  Laugh it up during lectures," but you'll be pissed when you get your assignments back.""
""Fun professor"," always keeps class fun.  Very energetic.   Knows the material and teaches it well.""
""A tough grader"," but I think I learned the material better than my classmates with other professors.  He is definitely not a boring speaker.""
""Best Engineering lectures I've had yet.  This man will keep you awake.  Has the best lines too like"," """"They should drop a Nuke on the business school"""""," halarious!  Expects quality work and will not spell every detail out for you.  I'd take him again.""
""Likes to cuss about volkswagen", and rags on the business school alot plus other universities. He knows his stuff," and is funny i thought he was good""
""Farris enjoys saying the F-word and is one sexy little guy""
""The very best lab instructor/lecture teacher you could ever hope for.  Very helpful and considerate. Thinks that engineers are the best thing in the world and will help you in any way to keep you on the right track!  Take him for every class you possibly can!""
""I think he is great.  I can't wait to get into his class.  He rants and raves on topics cool to every engineer.  What a dude!!!""
""Prepare to hear ****ing from Farris about all of the following: Volkswagen", Ferris State University, Hope College, Michigan State," anything on his mind.  Other than that he's cool though.""
""Grades hard. But", if you do the work, and pay attention, you'll do well. Remember... It's Engineering," not English class.  It's supposed to be hard.""
""Prof Lockerd is a nice guy", he cares about how you are doing, and is accessible outside of class. He can be pretty funny too. To succeed you do need to go, he gives random quizzes on the readings, so make sure that you read too. He does understand the amount of work you get in college," so at times he'll remove some things off the schedule.""
""Professor Lockerd is a fine person", but that's about where it stops. The class is entirely based around his opinions of the plays, and he is not willing to budge on his interpretations, so make sure you agree with everything he says. There's only a few grades in the whole class," and if you want to do well on the exams you have to go to class.""
""Dr. Lockerd assigns a lot of reading and expects you to read it closely. He calls on people who don't participate. He has a good sense of humor", though his lectures can get a little boring. His tests have passage IDs," so know the reading inside out. He gives solid feedback on papers. Responsive to email. Effort is definitely required for his class.""
""Lockerd is incredibly knowledgeable and attempts to make lectures funny and engaging. He's sympathetic to students", as he recognizes the amount of work involved in Making of Europe, but he still expects you to do the work and pull your weight. If you put the time in and get to know him," he'll be an invaluable asset.""
""Lockerd is one of the better choices for Honors professors at GV. He has a great sense of humor and does what he can to make his lectures interesting and engaging. He does recognize the amount of work involved in honors and engineering", but that said," he absolutely expects you to read and study - he has little sympathy for slackers.""
""He's a very nice guy"," but honestly only offers up one interpretation of the plays (religious) and then makes people feel like if they were raised Catholic they're the """"good kids."""" Very good about emailing you back", though," and if you email him a copy of your paper beforehand he'll give you comments on it. But I would not take him again.""
""If you want to spend your time looking at Catholic interpretations of Shakespeare", this class is for you. If you are slightly progressive, I would advise you to look somewhere else. Constant half-funny / off-putting remarks. Besides from that, there is rarely open-minded discussion," but rather Lockerd talking about his favorite lines.""
""Lockerd is understanding of the heavy course load of engineering students that are also in the honors college at GVSU. He is a really funny guy", but is also intelligent and able to get through course material. He expects you to read, and there is definitely a lot of reading. Also," overall a really cool guy.""
""Dr. Lockerd is an incredibly knowledgeable individual and perfect for an honors course.  Unfortunately", if you are shy, he can be intimidating because he calls on students randomly.  If you don't participate in class, he may poke fun at you in front of others," which can be embarrassing.  The final exams are also way too long for the time allotted.""
"" Doing the reading is a MUST as you will occasionally be given pop quizzes. He likes to run his lectures in a discussion format", so it helps to have a couple talking points going in. He responds to enthusiasm and preparation. He sometimes singles out students that haven't done the reading and teases them: if you don't want that to be you," READ!""
""This is the second time I have taken a class with Professor Lockerd. After having him for Shakespeare"," I took Major Authors: T.S. Eliot and learned a ton! His teaching style is very conversational
""Lockerd is funny and interesting. He made Shakespeare more interesting for me. Only three papers"," with one a research paper based off of paper 1 or 2 (your choice). Midterm and final included. Lots of reading but just knowing the plot points is essential. ""
""I like this teacher as a person. He is nice", tries to be funny, and is very smart. He tries but his class is boring. He talks all hour to you, instead of making it a discussion with the whole class participating. Basically, just write what he wants you to, and check your grammar well for papers.  He does passage IDs for tests too," so read!""
""Professor Lockerd is super smart and I enjoyed the subject matter of his lectures. Most of the time he's awkward in a Dad type of way"," but occasionally makes insensitive comments and might make a jab at you. The lectures were interesting and he does a great job of explaining things. Be prepared for pop quizzes on reading.""
""Lockerd is a really nice guy. Very helpful during his office hours while working on papers. Very clear speaker and his knowledge on TS Eliot is remarkable. Tries to keep classes light and interesting.  Pretty tough grader on papers.""
""My experience with Dr. Lockerd was and continues to be the best I've had with any educator. He's not an idiot-- in fact", he's brilliant-- so he's not going to let you coast through the semester. However, the challenging nature of the course exercises your critical thinking skills and holds you accountable," and isn't that the point of higher ed?""
""Dr.Lockerd knows what he is talking about. He can be a little old fashioned in his gradings and assignments though (we had to do a final paper and an exam). Be prepared to read a lot and attend rather disorganized classes. But he managed to get my interest and I don't regret taking his class.""
""He knows this subject inside-out.  Lockerd has high expectations but is always willing to help you.  The lectures were a little dry someone (I took a 6-9)"," but he is really funny and a great guy.  Take a class with him!""
""Dr. Lockerd is a very interesting professor and can be quite funny.  However", I found him to be somewhat disorganized in running our civ sequence.  He also frequently gives pop quizzes over the reading while none of the other profs for the sequence do.  I also find him to be intimidating and arrogant.  Overall," he is an okay professor.""
""TAKE HIM!!!!  He's amazing", and he cares so much.  Will work with you to get the grade you want.  Knows his stuff, funny," and upbeat.  Dad-like.  Great guy!""
""Haan", is amazing. She really enjoys teaching, she is very caring, and is willing to lend a hand. Quiz'es everyday class meets! Homework you need to do, and Lab is very easy," just choose wisely! Haan does offer a few extra credit opportunities so take advantage.""
""Bring this guy back.  Students in his class learn a ton.""
""I have gotten above a 95% in Spanish 101 and 102. I took this class with Haan and I got a D. I took this class again and received an A. He is rude and gives a ridiculous amount of homework. He is not helpful and makes you learn everything by yourself.The only class I have ever hated going to. DO NOT TAKE HIM.""
""Most AMAZING teacher I've ever had! Very intense and you have to be prepared to be embarrassed", but you learn SO much in the process. He's hilarious. Lots of extra credit and there is no reason for anyone to get anything less than an A in his class. He hands out the tests the class before based on class participation," no reason to fail a test!""
""Can be a total softy outside of class... but is purposely really intimidating during class. Mind you"," I did get a good grade. But I would probably transfer out of GV before taking him again. The public humiliation was just too much. You will learn because he does know his stuff & you'll be to scared to not know the answer.""
""A horrible man who truly enjoys catching students off guard", calling them out," or trying to make them seem stupid. Very demanding and demeaning. I will say I learned a lot... but I then I could've also learned a lot from someone else who wasn't so mean. Would never take again. Do yourself a favor and avoid if at all possible.""
""The worst college experience of my life. Pages upon pages of homework each night - prepare to live and breathe Spanish. Don't take this class unless you don't mind being called stupid and drilled on your Spanish knowledge in front of everyone. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! And DOES look like Clint Eastwood (which is a shame because I like his movies).""
""Worst prof. I've EVER had. I've seen him make students stand up & mock them in front of the entire class. I do think he cares... because he grades the homework he assigns which is A TON! However"," I cannot learn from his teaching style (won't let you take notes). I wouldn't take this class again if GV paid ME... that's how bad it was""
""He gave more homework than i've ever experienced. the work isnt too dificult and participation and attendance are like 50% of your grade", if you go to class and do your homework you will get a pretty good grade," i went to every class ended with the A and then didnt have to take the final""
""I learned more from Sr. Haan than I have from any other spanish teacher. He makes fun of students", but its all in good fun and it makes you work hard to know your stuff. Participation is everything," so its not difficult to get a good grade. I would definitely take Sr. Haan again if I could.""
""He is clint Eastwood!""
""He doesn't help you track your grade like other profs do. LOTS AND LOTS OF HW! If you take this class with him be prepared to live", eat," and breathe Spanish! I would def NOT take him again. He's also very rude and arrogant.""
""Lots of work", learned mucho, cheesy jokes but they made me laugh," if you go to class everyday you will get a extra 10% on your final grade.""
""odd. and looks like clint eastwood.""
""He is a very hard man. The only reason people put effort forth in this class is because they are scared out of their mind of him. He likes to publicly humiliate his students and will call you stupid to your face. He will mock you constantly and will make you feel like an idiot every time you mess up.""
""He is a very tough professor.Do not take him if you are looking for an easy A in his class.Assigns a lot of homework", a lot of which is extra credit.Gives practice take home tests every time.Will get in your face and make fun of you in front of everyone.Go to class everyday," no exceptions. pretty fun professor if you're wiling to work hard. OLTRA V""
""Great professor. If you have no prior Spanish experience", it may be a harder for you. He's repetitive on important vocab," but other than that he covers a chapter per week and doesn't get behind. He gives a lot of extra credit! DON'T take his class if you're overly sensitive - you absolutely need to have a sense of humor. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!""
""I ended up doing really well in his class but I am tell you DO NOT TAKE HIM. He gets a kick out of torturing people and has no conscience. I did learn a ton but it was at a very big expense! Do yourself a favor and do not take him!!!""
""This guy is great.  You will learn tons if you just put forth an effort.  The best prof to have if you're taking a language.""
""Spanish classes are taught at a very rapid pace. somewhat unclear about assignments at times but overall an enjoyable prof.""
""Currently an instructor at Western Carolina University. He has easily been one of my least favorite teachers I have had. He was never prepared for lectures in the way he should be and doesn't help you prepare for exams at all. Most stressful exams I have taken in any class ever.""
""I think this guy is rating himself below.  Too many unrealistic comments.""
""He gave the whole class """"I"""" as a grade because we did not complete a project by the end of the semester.  He expected us to complete a 15+ week project in 3 weeks.  We were given no budget"," and the scope was forever changing.  """"A hole"""" move on his part. He was extremely unorganized in his labs"," I swore he was just winging it most days.""
""Homework was all copyable & graded very loosely. Not very clear in lectures or in lab. Expects a lot of prior knowledge.  If you want to learn the material"," try to avoid.""
""Dr. Jack is the best teacher at GVSU.  He is real life teacher and will be straight with you.  Not realy easy but his classes are the best to take with you to industry""
""Dr. Jack is one of the only real world professors in Grand Valley Engineering. Always relates work to the real world! Classes are very hard and demanding", but if you want to skate through college go into buisness (this is for all of the cry babies that wrote on this site previous to me) Great prof," hope to have him again!!!""
""We have Dr. Jack instead of Dr. Sterian for 426", and I couldn't be happier.  With Dr. Jack teaching, I'm going to come out knowing and loving VHDL.  Dr. Jack has been helpful, willing to explain things, and flexible.  He's been a fair grader, and in general," is willing to let us explore the subject apart from the pre-planned path when appropriate.""
""Demands a lot from every student. The homework load is insane but if you work hard you will get the grade you deserve"," and you will learn a lot in the process.""
""This idiot is the reason many engineers switch to a business major.""
""Makes labs way longer than they need to be because he wont help you and is not prepared himself.  Assigns enough work for 20 credit hours but you only get 4.  Expects perfection from his students even though his work is shotty.  Avoid him if you can.""
""I have done so much homework my ears are starting to bleed. The project is wicked.""
""He is an *SS", He is cocky, arrogant," and leads you in the wrong direction.  his approach to PLC programming is completely one sided (there is more than one way to program)and he loves to make your work that much more complicated. You will hate the smirk!""
""real hardware"," real sparks. Lots and lots of black marks.""
""Very hard teacher"," but he takes care of you if you try to learn.  Labs were Waaaaayyyy to long.  Really makes you think instead of just giving you the answer.""
""this trash is useless. doesnt help when questions are asked.....""
""No Comments""
""No Comments""
""lots of reading and the projects never end""
""Very difficult teacher...not helpful when asking questions""
""Could always work at a research university--hillarious""
""Prof. Pool is one of the most hilarious", caring, genuine," and passionate professors I have ever had the pleasure to be under the instruction of.""
""Her sunny disposition brightened up our day whenever we saw her. She's taught for over 30 years"," and the only thing I didn't like was that she isn't the most present of directors. We'd sing with bad vowels and sloppy diction and it wouldn't be a problem until the day of the concert. We'd get hammered with all the things we needed to correct.""
""She's the cutest and sweetest woman and is overflowing with passion and musicality. She takes musical expression to a deep level and inspires lots of emotional connection with the repertoire. Always picks pieces with healthy variety.""
""She picked great songs with good purpose. I loved her attitude about music and she was hilarious as well. I recommend if you like to sing"," take choir classes with her because you will have a good time. ""
""Not a huge fan of her teaching... Came from a really good choir from high school and I'm honestly really annoyed... If you come from with a musical background of a higher level of education"," be prepared to be disappointed.""
""Professor is nice", helpful, and will give you extra assistance in her office at the drop of a hat. Check her office regularly if you want help," because she's often in there outside of office hours working on this and that. Very nice prof.""
""Professor Pool cares for every single person in her choirs. If you join one of her choirs"," she will know you and genuinely care about you. She is a great person.""
""I really love her! She's the nicest teacher I've ever had"," and is so passionate about what she does.""
""I love her! She is kind and helpful. She will schedule extra rehearsal times just to help you with your part outside of class. She meets with you on regular occasions to check your progress"," and the music she picks is always beautiful and interesting.""
""Very enjoyable class teacher is very passionate. Go to class.""
""Professor Pool is one of kind. She is definitely a master of her profession. She really knows all there is about music and loves passing on her knowledge", love," and enthusiasm of music to her students. Not one day in her class is dull or boring - she always has an upbeat attitude that makes time fly. You will also learn TONS from Prof. Pool!!""
""Professor Pool is such a hoot! She loves what she does and wants the choir to succeed as a whole. She loves calling everyone """"good women"""" and it is such a joy to see her face when you walk into class. Hopefully"," you will have as much fun with her as I did!""
""Professor Pool is a high-energy", passionate teacher! She demands a high level of musicianship from the group but treats us all as her own children. She is the best choral conductor I've ever had," and you can tell she really loves what she's doing.""
""Entertaining to watch conduct. Often gets so into the music she hops around. Expect random loud noises when she wants you to emphasize something. Attendance is expected. Don't worry too much about hearings. Challenges your talents as a musician and helps you sight read so much better. Reminds me of an owl for some reason...""
""Overly enthusiastic", generally clear. Will often get over-excited when conducting and lose the singers/pianist. Not a big fan of sopranos. Well-informed, some trouble communicating, and harsh," but certainly knows her stuff.""
""Funny lady! A true professional. ",,,,,,,,,,,,,
""She's a hilarious lady. Unfortunately my grade dropped because attendance is mandatory"," after 2 absences your absences/tardies count against you... No good for someone who has class in MAK and only 10 minutes to get to PAC... I highly recommend her for anyone looking for a totally fun singing experience!""
""Funny lady...when she has caffeine watch out for hysterical comments and excitement! She expects a lot out of her students which is sometimes unbearable", but it makes us better singers. Some of the music she picks out is not fun at all," but the majority of the time she picks out wonderful pieces!""
""I LOVE PROF POOL!!  She is by far the best prof at GV!  Her enthusiasm makes you want to do your best", and she definitely knows her stuff! She learns everyone's name, and she makes you feel important to the ensemble.  If you're thinking about auditioning...do it.  You won't reget it," I promise! :-)""
""Professor Pool is an awesome teacher. I love being in her choir. Definately helps me with my singing.""
""Professor Kelley-Lafata is the best professor at GVSU", in my opinion. She is extremely helpful and will make sure you pass. I did not open either of the books once and got an A in participation and an A on my portfolio. I also did not attend most of the online classes. I do not recommend doing this, but if youre a good writer," an A is doable.""
""By far my favorite professor at GVSU. Such a sweet professor who genuinely cares about your success. Her feedback is very helpful and she makes sure you stay on track to pass writing 150"," while never overwhelming you or making you feel stupid. She promptly responds to emails. She makes this extremely boring class bearable. Take her.""
""Professor Lafata is so sweet"," she understands you and engages with you one on one very well. I loved having her as a professor because she brightens up your day with her positive easygoing personality and sense of humor.""
""Kim is one of the most laid back teachers I've ever had. She almost always ended class early"," and didn't care if you got up and left halfway through class. Lectures were kinda pointless but that's just because WRT150 is kinda pointless in general. Super sweet and makes every student feel special. Definitely one of the best options for this class!""
""BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!!""
""She made this boring class fun. She spent a whole hour in class helping me and my friend with our papers. She cares a lot!! She is so nice and so funny"," if you get her you will be lucky!!""
""Kim is awe-inspiring", caring, hilarious, and fun. If you are looking for a WRT 150 teacher that is down to earth, to the point, easy grader, good feedback, relatable and always there for you, then I would take her. 4 papers, no homework, no quizzes, no tests, no final," Possibly the BEST WRT 150 teacher that GVSU offers. TAKE HER.""
""Kim is literally the best professor I have had so far. The material is so easy and you actually learn some quality things so if you do the work you will pass. But know that this class does not count towards your credit hours.""
""Kim made me look forward to writing class"," even as a BIO major. Her jokes are top notch which really helps lighten the mood in the classroom. She gives you plenty of time to work on your papers and is always willing to meet with you in or out of class. Kim was one of the professors that made my freshman year easier rather than harder.""
""Prof. Kelley-Lafata might be an angel sent from above. She is one of the most caring ladies I have ever encountered. She is fun", light hearted, always making jokes, gives very helpful suggestions and critiques on papers," she wants her students to do exceptional. She helped me so much I wish every person on the planet could have her as a prof.""
""Take her!! She's such a great prof that actually made me want to go to class. WRT 150 can be a little stressful because all you're being graded on is the final portfolio but Prof Kelley makes sure to help you the entire semester. The best Prof I've had yet at GV"," I highly recommend her.""
""Best professor ever!!! She was super funny and laid back"," always made sure we knew what was going on and required. We never actually got a grade in the class till the end but she always gave you an idea of what you had if you asked her. Gave us like 2 or 3 days off towards the end of the semester. I would definitely recommend her.""
""She is honestly one of the best professors I have had at GV. She is so kind and funny"," and you can talk to her about anything. She provides amazing feedback on drafts and will do whatever she can to make sure you get the grade you want and worked for. I would definitely take her again if I had the chance!""
""The class is though", but if you get time to talk to Kim she's super helpful. get your papers done and the class will be over pretty early. It's hard to get an A," but it's possible! Wouldn't of wanted any one else as a professor for writing 150""
""Writing 150 is tough but Kim will make it enjoyable. She rarely gives homework and works with you one-on-one with all of your papers. She is very funny", kind," and helpful. One of my favorite professors so far. I hate writing but I actually liked going to class. You write 4 papers and put 3 in your portfolio. Hands down take her for Writing 150""
""Professor Kelley-Lafata makes writing fun. She gives you two weeks to write each paper"," and helps you through every step of it. She is funny and makes class interesting. There is no reason to not get an A for she is willing to help and revise your paper all the time. I would highly recommend.""
""Amazing professor who definitely knows what she is doing. Plus", she's funny, down-to-earth, and easy to talk to. She would always offer me help whenever I asked, and I loved how she let you work on your schedule without any extra busy work. I could tell that she really cared about the students' portfolio grades," including mine. Best prof!""
""Probably one of my favorite teachers. Really cares about her students. ""
""Professor Kelley-Lafata is hilarious! Most people hear writing and think that it is boring but she makes it fun that you want to go to class. She is there for her students if they need her and she replies to her e-mail's very quickly.""
""Great professor", I absolutely loved her! Many people don't like writing," but she makes it fun and easy. Super funny and easy going. I highly recommend taking her class if you can!""
""Very nice lady", but extremely disorganized with lectures. When talking about a book, she will be discussing page 30 one minute, then page 2 the next minute," then back to page 14. She claims to be very """"free"""" with everything", but yet she wants you to write about what she wants. However," she is helpful and reasonable with grading.""
""Two words: Pure brilliance! I cannot rave anough about this woman! She is a delight to have for class", she REALLY knows her stuff, VERY down to earth," and really just loves to talk with poeple and get to know them through genuine conversation. I would recommend her to anyone! She really does have quite the passion for what she teaches and it shows!""
""Her lectures all over the place but if you go to her office she is very helpful and understands things better. Some of the assignments are confusing and not very clear and it seems like there's only a little class participation because she isn't always very encouraging.""
""I loved professor Chown", she was always helpful and encouraged asking for it. We had a very small class and a lot of one on one time. She taught us a lot about writing, what works and what does not. Very down to earth, open to all writing styles. knows her stuff and I found her to be an easy grader. never felt like i was going to class," take her""
""She has A LOT of quirks", and I could see why some might be put off. However, I could see the relevance of everything she did and the texts were great choices. Tries to be interactive and allows a lot of freedom in papers. Tough grader but a good prof. Proves you should choose your English classes based on the book list," not always by ratings.""
""I thought she was a very good professor.  She can be a bit confusing", but she is incredibly knowledgable of the time period and all of the authors.  She also has an almost child-like passion for all of it. I definitely recommend her but be prepared for alot of writing. Also," she's incredibly helpful if you TALK TO HER.""
""I have no idea what this lady is ever talking about in class. She jumps around way too much and talks very fast and quietly. I always feel lost in class"," but my grade is pretty good. I don't think she has any clue what is going on.""
""Wow.  Where do I begin?  Professor Chown is a very sweet lady", but her lectures are all over the place.  She is not very clear in her expectations, assignments," and lectures.  Asking questions did not help because you would leave more confused and your original question would still not be answered.  I would not recommend this professor to anyone.""
""She is all over the place.  Don't take from her if you can help it.  I learned nothing.  Horrible.""
""Yes her class is easy if you are very knowledgable of the puritian era.  She moves quickly thur the text and does not give you enough time to absorb her explanations before she moves on.  Her opinion and thoughts is what she considers correct and refuses to listen or consider others opinion. SHE ALWAYS HAS TO BE RIGHT SHES SUCKS!!!!!""
""STOP!!!  DON'T DO IT!!! AVOID THIS LADY LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!  YOU WILL RUE THE DAY YOU STEP INTO HER CLASSROOM!!!  SHE IS THE SINGLE WORST PROFESSOR IN THE HISTORY OF UNVERSITY SCHOLARSHIP!!!  RUN!!!  RUN FAR"," FAR AWAY WHILE YOU STILL CAN!!!  DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU!!!""
""Ugh. You have to REALLY love the text to survive this class. The class is based out of only 100 points which means their is little room for error. If there is something that doesn't make sense", ASK or else you're screwed. Chown is very knowlegible but often confuses even herself. Attend class, do the ready," participate and ask questions!""
""Confusing and unclear.  Lectures are scattered.  I often left class confused at what was going on and why.  She seems to be knowledgeable and is passionate about what she is teaching"," but ultimately she cannot present it in a clear and understandable manner.""
""She is extremely scatterbrained and is not open to any other opinions but her own. You must learn how to write to satisfy her"," not help further your studies. She can be publicly demeaning to her students. AVOID!!!""
""She has the knowledge", but she can't share it.  She's scatterbrained, disorganized, and unclear," plus she's very inconsistant.  DO NOT TAKE HER""
""i agree", her wealth of knowledge is just amazing! she is quite skattered, but definitely worth the experience if you are willing. i suggest meeting with her if you are having difficulties. in my experience, she apperciates honesty and was extremely helpful when i needed it. skattered can be a good thing," just different to deal with.""
""Dr. Chown's knowledge is amazing. She really knows how to help students learn for themselves. I hope many GVSU students will benefit from her passion and dedication.""
""Whoever put a smiley face by this professor is completely insane", in my opinion.  I took her for a summer class this past semester, and I thought that she was by far the worst teacher I have ever had.  She is a nice person, but her lack of communication skills, and not staying on track really did it for me.  If you are enrolled," get out now!!!!""
""I was really excited to take American Lit but sadly she is the worst professor and she ruined the class for me. She is very scattered and she doesn't discuss anything that is revelant to the texts. If you actually want to learn something since you are paying money to take the class"," do not take her.""
""Chown... WOW! She's seriously out there. But essays are easy and you can write about whatever you want. A lot of reading", but you don't always have to do it. If you're looking for a weird but easy class, take her. But if this is something you're passionate about," skip her and take it with someone else.""
""I wasn't exactly a fan of this professor. First and foremost", all that was graded (despite many long homework assignments) was a 12 point midterm and 12 point final. His class was interesting, but the classes were boring and not worth attending because you don't do anything of substance," even if they're mandatory.""
""Nice guy", but he does assign group projects that don't work great online. Lectures were kind of boring, and there was a lot of work that we had to do that we weren't directly graded on," as our grade came from 2 papers. Easy grader though and definitely willing to help with a paper outside of class. Made us turn our cameras on in Zoom tho :/""
""He is good"," but better if your heart is in it. He is very dedicated to his class.""
""Jim is a great person and this class opens your mind too much more views and opinions. No one really knows what you are graded on for this class", but if you do the papers and come to class you will be fine. Make sure you speak up in class," it makes it so much better. I enjoyed this class and learned a lot about the topic.""
""He is very caring about what he teaches", but I found the class to be boring. We spent a lot of time on poetry," and I am not a huge fan of poetry. There was a small section of King Lear. Then we talked about Beowulf and history for basically the rest of the time. He is very nice and gives great feedback though!""
""This guy could probably trick me into being interested in anything. Obviously very caring and informative. One thing is that he's pretty old fashioned and uses impressionistic grading"," so if you need a very clear cut rubric and syllabus this won't work for you.""
""I love this man. This class was Lit Responses to Death and Dying and he made a class with a sometimes unsettling topic very comfortable. Lots of reading but they were overall short and insightful reads. Very discussion-based. Provides helpful feedback too. Not a bad 6-9. Take him if you can!""
""Jim is the kindest prof I've had at GV. The class is discussion-based", which made it much easier than I was expecting. Although students mainly direct the class, Jim's lectures were very meaningful and you can feel his passion for poetry. He didn't give much feedback on writing," but he's a very easy grader. I hope I get to take another class of his""
""Take him for this class. You will not regret it!""
""Interesting enough class. Sometimes he cuts you off while you are talking or you aren't giving him the answer he is looking for. Other than that he is a very insightful teacher and comments on everything you say/write. Good feedback.""
""This professor seems like a nice guy and he wants a lot of class discussion to take place as opposed to him just talking at you. He does require a lot of reading and there are projects and papers spread throughout the class. If you take this as a night class"," most of the time he will keep you for the full 3 hours. Get ready to be able to talk.""
""He's a very caring professor. Being that the course I took is literature on death and dying it got quite personal and he's a very understanding person to talk to. He's very respectful and though it's a very discussion heavy class I enjoyed it thoughrouly despite the tough subject. Definitely take his course on the subject. It's worth it.""
""He's great. Just take him. He cares mostly about getting good discussions going and having a good time with the class. I swear if grades weren't required"," he wouldn't make you write anything. It's not a poetry analyzing and writing about it kind of class.  It's largely discussion and he's so so passionate about it that it makes you love him.""
""I took Professor Persoon as a freshman and I absolutely loved his class. I looked forward to lectures every week. He encourages creativity alongside analytical thought. The projects were interesting and the essays fairly graded. He was always helpful when I had questions", understanding about absences," and overall encouraged class discussion""
""  dr. jim is a fantastic instructor with a wonderfully deep understanding of the arts. he respects not only students' ideas"," but their creativity and emotion responses as well--overall very understanding and kind.""
""Great class. Always looked forward to attending. Very understanding when a situation (homework", attendance) arose and I had to miss class. Assignments were challenging and open-ended. Could choose topic of personal interest for most essays. Exams were 2-page essays," graded pass/fail. He's intelligent and creative. Knows history extremely well.""
""This professor was interesting and assigned some really unique writing homework. I like how he encourages people to be creative and not just analytical. He can be very opinionated at times though and he can be really loud. Overall he was good though.""
""An amazing class overall. Very informative"," and at the same time we were still able to do creative assignments and simply enjoy the texts for what they are. I would definitely recommend this instructor.""
""Very good professor! He really knows his stuff"," and he is fair!""
""He is by far the best prof I've had at GVSU thus far. He is genuinely interested in the lives of the students and strives to make his class applicable to their daily lives. He has strong opinions but also allows and welcomes the expression of opposing views. He teaches by how he feels the class responds than by the syllabus"," no tests. just writing.""
""Hes the sweetest guy and knows so so much about natural resources and ecology! Lectures can get a bit boring and sometimes test/quiz questions do not have questions that we learned in class.""
""Neil is the best and I enjoy his class. You have to show up but the assignments are easy and the exams are more than fair. No stupid group projects either-hallelujah!""
""Taking NRM 462 with Neil was very fun and intellectually stimulating. Neil is a huge nerd and is very good at teaching the subject. NRM 462 labs were mostly outdoors", featured hands-on activities," and included a few fun field trips. 10/10 would recommend Neil as a prof""
""Hes not a tough prof on grading or tests like others have stated. He does everything to help his students succeed. You have to make the effort if you dont understand something. Need to go to class and actively listen", take notes, and then actually study for tests. If people think hes a tough prof," then they will struggle for the rest of college""
""Very boring class. Hard to pay attention. Lectures consist much of pictures he discusses. Exams are fair but you must study hard to get a good grade. Two papers are due during the semester. He grades them rather harshly.""
""Neil is a huge nerd lol. With that being said", Neil is a great prof, he brought lots of charisma to class, and was effective at answering student questions. No textbook for this class. Although class attendance was not mandatory," I wouldnt recommend missing class often as the lecture portion of this class is lecture-heavy.""
""Neil is the head of the NRM program so the tests can be hard. You must go to class and pay attention to everything he says for you to do well on his tests. You must study!! He has lots of other grades that will help boost your grade up if you don't do well on his tests. He is a great guy and very helpful when you ask questions.""
""Neil is a lovely and nice guy. Sometimes he is quiet and his voice can get swallowed up in the big case rooms", but he knows his stuff. His expectations are very clear and there are semi weekly homework assignments that are pretty much done curing class. There is a paper about A Sand County Almanac," but if you're interested in NRM it's not bad.""
""great teacher truly cares about his students and wants them to succeed. He is extremely helpful and is willing to work with you. Keeps the class entertained during lecture and is not to tough on grading but still makes you work for it and learn a good amount. ""
""Neil is a very nice and understanding guy", but he is not the best teacher. He talks very softly and lectures until the very last second. I think this class has awesome material," Neil just didn't do it for me.""
""Boring", boring, boring. Changed my major because of the amount of interest I lost in the class and field. His notes are not helpful, just a bunch of pictures on slides," making studying for exams incredibly difficult. I got a decent grade in the class but hated every minute of lecture. ""
""Awesome professor who really cares about his students. Tests are not that difficult as long as you study what he tells you"," a few assignments here and there. Has a lot of great connections in the industry so that's a plus. Is more than willing to help if you seek it out. Overall a great guy!""
""Great prof who truly cares about the future and education of his students. I will continue to seek help from him in my bio/nrm endeavors. He does expect you to work for your grade. Tests can be hard but it is all based on his lectures which are generally interesting.""
""Neil was really interesting to listen to and made NRM relevant to real life. Tests are mostly essay with some multiple choice and matching. Study hard for an A.""
""Neil is an awesome guy. I didn't find him difficult at all", but he does expect his students to work for their grades. Just pay attention, study, and put in some effort on the lab assignments and you should do fine. And if you have any trouble," the guy practically lives in his office. Just give his door a knock and he'll be in there.""
""the lab exercises will make you learn how to do things you may not know how to.  Neil genuinely wants to see students succeed", his office is always open, and he's willing to answer questions and help you understand(I should know," I visited like 10 times this semester :)""
""Neil is very smart", very organized, and very particular.  However, he's a wonderfully nice guy and seems to enjoy what he's doing.  He's always happy to help and while some of the activities we did in class were a kind of tedious," this was probably the most fun lab I've ever had.  Neil's great!!""
""Neil is the best prof I have had at GVSU!  He is amazingly organized and an all around great guy.  Workloads for his classes can get heavy at times but you learn a ton.""
""Neil is great"," and he is a hot tamale.  He is very helpful and his classes are quite enjoyable.""
""a perfectionist. he forgets that he has a phD"," and we are students. he is way too anal about everything. answers on exam have to hit a """"target"""" or else you get NO points. i think he forgets he teaches a 200 level course"," not a graduate course. way too hard to be an undergrad prof. i don't like him""
""Rich is a nice guy", and that's about where the positives stop.  Presents materials that is literally decades old.  Gave an assignment and made 15 out of 17 people re-do it because they didn't meet his expectations, which are about as clear as mud.  Extremely one-sided," no presentation of opposing opinions.  Take another prof if you can.""
""Prof. Jelier knows his material.  Be prepared to be forced to contribute", however as with all classes in this format, it becomes normal and constructive.  I am in the GPY program and Jelier should write the text for GPY 309 and 310 as he knows the material better than the GPY profs.  Tough professor," but worth the experience.""
""Rich is a nice guy", but a pretty awful prof.  Hasn't updated his course material since the mid-90's.  Lectures in questions, interrupts students while they are talking, and has vague expectations for projects/assessments.  Easy to get a B," but nearly impossible to get an A.  Take another prof if you can.""
""had him last semester", and it is ironic that he talks about building better communities but was unable to build community in his own classroom. He doesn't encourage discussion, he demands it and talks over students anyway. Unrelatable and uncomforable to converse with. Interrogates," but not in a productive """"I want to see you grow"""" way.""
""My favorite professor at Grand Valley and best class I've taken in the PA program so far. I learned so much", its unbelievable. Make sure to do the readings," provide LOTS of specific details in your assignments and participate in class.""
""absolutely love this class.  learned more more than any other class so far and feel that i became a better", more informed member of society because of it. this class has lead me in the direction of traditional neighborhood design (of which, you study A LOT in this class).  love the class," love jelier!""
""Extremely difficult", but you learn from real world examples-little theories covered. Most informed/experienced professor in local politics. Intimidating teaching methods b/c he stares at you during lecture and interrogates students ideas. Avoid class if you are not prepared to read all 3 books, attend all classes," dedicate yourself to final paper""
""I wasn't sure what to think of Jelier at first. He seemed very arrogant and full of himself", but looking back, I learned way more than I originally thought and he really does know his stuff," just don't try to ask him to clarify anything becuase he tends to circle around the question until you don't remember what it was you were originally asking.""
""this prof takes the time to bridge the gap between intellectual learning and actual civic engagement. he breathed a breath of fresh air into understanding of politics. He is actively involved in the community and because of this encourages you to do this same.""
""Phenomenol faculty - really cares and challenges you to be an active participant in the learning process.""
""G'Day Mate!  This class is interesting because you get to work out in the community.  I liked his style", but things seemed to pile on at the end of the semester.  Take good notes and your assignments will be much easier.  Overall," Rich is a good guy and is an interesting professor.""
""Half of the time I didn't know what this class was about. Jelier isn't interested in student progress", only confusing you more.  Exams are difficult for everyone, even those who read everything.  Class is interesting though," Jelier just doesn't know how to relate to students and picks favorites.""
""Doesn't care about his students. Very difficult to get in touch with. Hard to figure out what he wants. Picks his favorites early on. Class discussions didn't relate to the course. YUK!!!!!!! NOT a fun class to take! Very unclear and hard to understand what he wants out of you!""
""Great Class!! I learned so much from him"," just do the work and things should go well.""
""Fairly tough classes"," spends too much time dealing with Australia and England.  Definately picks his class favorites from the beginning!""
""I learned SO much from this guy...yes he is intimidating at first with all that he expects but he is just passionate about public administration!!! if you speak up in class and go into office hours you will be fine!!!""
""I liked this guy. Just do your work and you will be fine!""
""I wasnt a PA major", but really enjoyed this prof.  He wasn't really easy," but not too hard.  Alot of """"field work"""" in the community", which was interesting.  Not many tests," just """"projects"""" which are easy if you just DO THEM.""
""this guy sucks in every possible way. never take his class!!!""
""He is a nice guy.  DO the reading and participate in class discussions.  The final can be ver y very hard.""
""Very knowledgeable teacher who is very enthusiastic about the topics covered. Challenged us to argue her viewpoint if we didn't agree which is nice. Super helpful for the tests and made herself very available if you needed extra help. Enjoyable class""
""Even if you're interested in the class and really want to know more about politics and international relations", this class could get you lost. She rambled on about her own things and it was impossible to study fully. Study the essays," and you'll do fine on those but everything else I had no clue on how to study to get what she wants. I didn't enjoy""
""Great class", I really learned a lot. I didn't think that I really liked politics before, but she really got me interested. Some people complained," but it's a pretty easy class if you actually go and study for exams. There's only three exams and she gives you the essays ahead of time (use that to your advantage!). Definitely recommended""
""great experience learned much""
""She def. knows what she is talking about. This class does take some work to earn a good grade", but very do able. Attendance is not required but highly recommened. Essay questions in advance, 3 exams, 1 paper, 2 small assingments. Remember def. word for word. Good class," would take her again for another class.""
""She is actually very impartial regardless of her political beliefs. Don't listen to the angry comment below. The class is very easy to understand"," but not incredibly exciting (I don't think PLS is that interesting in general.) I received great grades on all my assignments and the research paper without much effort.""
""Even if you are interested in the field of PLS", stay away from this class!  I'm going into Admin., so this is a required class, but we're 3 weeks in, and I'm probably going to drop or try my hardest to switch to another teacher.  Quarnstrom forgets it's a 100 level class," not a Master's course!  Very confusing to listen to and tests are ridiculous!""
""not a good class at all. Really boring and tests were hard. If you dont like writing essays"," dont take this class.""
""She's an amusing woman. The class was not very difficult", contrary to what others might say. She gave the essay questions for the tests in advance, offered lots of opportunities for extra credit and was really enthusiastic about the topics discussed. You have to study the vocab. If you know nothing about politics going in," you'll probably struggle.""
""Could not stand this woman. Awful class taught by an awful professor. Talks in circles about nothing and is unclear about expectations. Hard grader. Avoid if possible. I hate Glenda Quarnstrom.""
""she is very helpful and reccommends coming to her office hours", however i think she forgets that it's a 102 class, and no one is half as interested in it as she is, tests are hard," im hoping to get at least a C.. so i wouldnt reccommend""
""Her mind is indeed a jumbled mess.  She'll get angry if you dont know the answer to a question", and iif you disagree with her on something.  She goes on tangents in class, sometimes about china, other times about something not even related to class," and we don't cover a lot of material that winds up on tests.  Not that great of a professor""
""She is kind of crazy.  She knows what she's talking about in her head--unfortunately it comes out of her mouth as a jumbled mess.  She skips  around a lot and grades really hard!!""
""Prof Quarnstrom is insannneeee... shes is never clear about anything", and goes off on tangents in class," so we never even cover some of the info thats on the test... if your in her class.. DROP!""
""Class is really easy. I went to class", never paid attention, studied what the study guide, pre-wrote the essays and I got an A. Seemed like she thinks everyone in class is dumb," but thats because it was a 102 gen ed class and most students obviously don't want to be there. She's a lot nicer in higher level classes where students express interest.""
""I really enjoyed this class.  Dr. Quarnstrom is really helpful to the point where she will tell you the exam essay ahead of time and then read them in advance and tell you what to change or add.  Attendance not required but suggested and may effect grade if u never go.  I definitly suggest taking her class!!""
""Her mind is a jumbled mess. She jumps from topic to topic and gets very mad if your opinions are different than hers.  I remember I went to see her for help on an essay and she told me (two days befor the exam) that she didn't know what she wanted yet and once she reads what other people put she'll decide if she liked what I said or not. She sucks""
""Dr. Quarnstrom is a very good professor. I highly suggest pre-writing all the essays for the exams she is willing to read them and tell you what to add. This class was not difficult", she likes participation. As far as her politics go, she is pretty moderate in class," not leaning too far one way or the other. I would definitely recommend.""
""Takes way too long to grade the exams"," said they would be done soon and took 2 weeks or more.""
""She gets annoyed with class for """"not participating"""" but never really gives you a chance to answer.  The class is not too tough", just read the book.  Also, she lets you prewrite the essays for her tests.  You can't bring them to the test," however you can take them to her beforehand and she will tell you what you need to add/take out to get the point""
""I loved Professor Richards", you watch his lecture (only 10-20 minutes each) then take a quiz on it. Everything is open note, open internet. There are a couple of papers but he is very clear on what to do on each section of them. You do two presentations," but all you have to do it present and you get a 100. Highly recommend""
""He lectured so well and as long as you watched the lectures it was very easy to get an A on the quizzes. The papers are long but he grades pretty easy. This class may have been the easiest class I've taken but it also is the class I learned the most in. He is so goo d at explaining and engaging with students!""
""Prof Richards is an exceptional instructor. His expectations and grading criteria are crystal clear and it is easy to get an A if you follow his instructions. He is super understanding with extensions. He is kind", funny," and wants you to do well in his class.""
""This was a great class though a lot of material in 6 weeks. There were numerous assignments", though not super difficult, and a 8 page paper (if you want an A on it) at the end. Assignments could be turned in late, Professor Richards gave a lot of leeway, and he also gave great feedback on all of them. You'll stay busy," but a great class and prof!""
""Highly recommend him and this class for your gen ed! He was so sweet and understanding about everything imaginable. He made his lectures interesting and provides you with the links necessary to do work-so don't buy the textbooks.""
""One of the greatest professors I have ever had. Very accessible and understanding of students challenges that may arise. I honestly would come back after graduation to take him again.""
""Richards is the best prof. Hes super chill and accomodating. He teaches his class in ways that are easy to understand. Very lenient grader. His exams are just like practice quizzes and what he teaches in class"," no surprises at all. Ive taken many polisci classes w him and hes the best.""
""Prof Richardson is a really cool guy", who loves what he teaches, and cares about his students. The class isn't hard, there are 2 big papers, a presentation, a debate, and 3 exams. A lot of quizzes throughout the semester, but they're online with multiple tries," and then all the quiz q's are on the exam as well. Don't buy the textbook""
""One of the best poli-sci professors. Super easy exams", homework," and papers.""
""Richards was a wonderful professor. He constantly has something intelligent to say on each topic he was teaching", or ranting about. He is a fun guy and reminds me of someones goofy father. He was always willing to help students in anyway he could. When asking for help," he gives valuable feedback and shows that he really cares for his students.""
""I had this class online and he was amazing! You can tell he really cares about his students and wants them to learn. Honestly"," one of the best classes I have taken! There were a ton of assignments but they all had a purpose and you can still miss a few and get a good grade. Definitely recommend!""
""Really awesome professor. Participation is important in this class and there are a couple in class debates and a presentation. But its really relaxed and hes very accommodating and is willing to extend deadlines. Tests are easy. Really clear on how he grades"," what he expects on papers. Super funny and very helpful.""
""Prof. Richards is great! His exams are exactly like the reviews no surprise questions. Very little homework. Assignments are graded easily. Dont really need to do the readings. Dont buy the textbook. He does show a lot of videos in class. Overall hes a very chill and relaxed prof.""
""Professor Richards is seriously so smart. He makes lecture so fun and interesting", I always want to come to class. I don't have the book and I've been succeeding just fine, but I'm sure I'd do better with it. You don't necessarily need to go to class, but it's recommended and like I said," it's a good class! Would take him 100 times!!""
""I'm pretty sure nobody jumps up and down about studying Supreme Court cases", but Dr. Richards does an incredible job of explaining them and making lectures really fun and entertaining. Also helpful when you have questions. Great professor," seems like he really cares about you learning and doing well. HIGHLY recommend.""
""Dr. Richards is the best Prof in the PLS department. Can not say enough about him. Incredibly nice guy. Two or three 40 question multiple choice exams. A super fun debate", and a mock supreme court oral argument. No pressure at all," very laid back. One of two papers as well. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN!""
""I absolutely loved Dr. Richards as a professor and I loved con law too. While it isn't completely mandatory to do the readings"," I highly suggest it. It makes following along so much easier and it allows for easy class discussion. Richards is super hilarious and he made even the most dull of topics interesting! Definitely take him and con law 1 & 2!""
""Professor Richards is a pretty good professor.  Class was actually way easier than it should have been.  Decent amount of writing.  3 different papers"," although one was very short.  Exams are multiple choice and really easy if you put in any effort to study.""
""Fun class. You'll learn a lot about the constitution", and class sessions are fairly engaging. Attendance is worth 5% to your grade, so it's definitely worth it to go. Not too much writing," but enough to keep you busy.""
""In the Spring/Summer Term you could not miss anymore than 4 classes total. However", Richards is a great teacher. PLS 307 Const Law 2, he is wonderful. He knows the Constitution very well. He is very concise in his communication and he is fair overall. He encourages everybody in the class to participate in discussion," and he is easy going. Take him!""
""Professor Estrada was a great professor. His accent might make it a little difficult to understand but not impossible. Hes very passionate about astronomy and adds his own personal experiences with the topics he gives. Hes also always available for extra help if needed. This class is impossible to fail.""
""Professor Estrada was incompetent at teaching. You cannot understand a word he says and it's so easy to fall asleep in class. His tests have material on them that he never goes over in class. The labs are just an extra two hour lecture that don't help. He also does not use blackboard"," so I had no idea what my grades were until after the semester.""
""This class was a joke. The lab was just another lecture", we didn't do any hands-on activities. He posts homework late on Friday (due Monday) and posted his PowerPoints with all of the important info blacked out. He ignores in-class questions and doesn't explain things well. From what I hear over half the class is failing," this is a 100 level class.""
""Prof. Estrada is a really nice guy", he tries to crack dry jokes sometimes. However, he has a heavy Columbian accent which makes it kind of tough and boring to focus during lectures. However, he is very intent on teaching his students things that they can put to use in real life, like the night sky and such. Nice guy," just tough to stay awake.""
""I failed this course and it wasn't for lack of trying. Estrada is a very nice", intelligent guy, but I found his expectations of students to be a little high. We had to memorize all equations, where other profs gave equation sheets or note cards," and we were not allowed to use calculators. Physics is difficult enough without that added pressure.""
""Pretty average. Talks slow", repeats the same thing in different ways," kinda boring. Labs are mandatory but don't always help you - like watching movies. The tests aren't necessarily hard but it's different than the notes. He is understanding if you miss an exam but keep up and go to class - participation grading happens a lot.""
""Overall a very good professor", he is understanding if you have to miss class, if  you come to his office hours, but is not very lenient on missing lab. The tests are never really what you think they are going to be, but that doesn't mean they are difficult. Homework is boring, and not helpful," but mandatory. Lecture and lab are both just lecture.""
""If you go to class and put in the work you WILL do well. His tests often reflect practice problems from lecture so take good notes and go to class. This is a tough class to begin with but Estrada is the perfect prof for it because of his patience. Tests are multiple choice which was a plus in my opinion.""
""He is very unclear about what he expects from his students", his checklists given to study for the exams do NOT help whatsoever. Participation exercises almost every discussion period. Participation, homework," and lab is what saved my grade. This class was very hard & he did not make it any easier for the students to do well.""
""Estrada is not very happy about teaching the trig version of this course. He actively avoided us during office hours", allowed some students more time on exams if they skipped other classes," and is very hard to understand. The textbook is even more garbage as it doesn't actually reflect anything from his tests. Exams are brutal.""
""Professor Estrada was overall a good professor. If you went into his office hours after an exam he would often give you some points back. Exams are anywhere from 10-20 multiple choice questions so if you miss a few you're kinda screwed. One of the kindest old men I've ever met. Kind of awkward and quirky. Would recommend taking him but a hard class""
""Physics is a tough class no matter who your professor is. Professor Estrada was", I thought, pretty good. This was by far the hardest class I've ever taken but I feel like compared to the other professors," he was one of the better ones. He really does care that his students understand the material and is always willing to help.""
""The exams are VERY difficult.. I did all the homework honestly without cheating and thoroughly understood everything in lecture and still didn't perform on exams. Symbolic manipulation is EVERYTHING
""Really awesome professor! Jokes are hilarious", lectures are slower paced--but you leave them with a thorough understanding of the material. His exams are multiple choice and there are no calculators allowed," but they are incredibly fair and not out to trick anyone. Would absolutley take again! ""
""I thought this class would be easy because I took astronomy in high school but it was somewhat difficult. The tests can be kind of hard because they are over so much material. However", if you go into his office hours he will tell you what you should review. Also," his accent makes him hard to understand at times.""
""Overall he was a good prof but like others are saying he did have a pretty thick Colombian accent"," lectures were kind of long and boring but he was a funny guy and very nice. He never updated blackboard though and he doesn't figure out your grade till the end so the whole class you only know what score you got on tests but never an overall grade. ""
""He genuinely cares about his students passing. At the end of the year", he told me I was just below the minimum requirement to pass the lab portion of the class and allowed me to have a make-up lab after the final. He speaks quietly, and has a thick Colombian accent, so be prepared for that. Overall," he's one of the best professors I've had so far.""
""Good sense of humor and an overall likable guy. However", lectures couldn't have been more inefficient and frustrating. If you have good algebra and basic calculus skills, or have any physics experience," you will want to slam your head against the desk while he lectures. An entire hour could be spent on one proof some days.""
""If you have any aptitude for mathematics or physics", this class will not be difficult. Lectures go at a snail's pace. I did not show up the last month of lecture and still received an A in the course. When he lectures, he confuses more than he helps. Great sense of humor
""He's a funny guy. He's always willing to explain concepts in or out of class and provides both proofs and examples to help all types of learners. His light Columbian accent is easy to understand"," and uses a microphone to help amplify his voice. I would recommend him.""
""He was really good. Everything was straight forward"," he was also very nice when I emailed him.""
""the class material wasn't easy", but it was interesting so it didn't seem as hard. he is a pretty straight forward professor. he adds some dry humor into his lectures too lol. there's a weekly 5 question quiz, those are easy. the two exams were more difficult than expected," but not terrible.""
""Prof. Galen was such a cool guy! He is a bit unorganized and his formatting on lectures and his BB are hard to follow. He is really knowledgable about the field and is a really great person to learn from. Make sure you do extra credit because there aren't many grades! Overall"," I would definitely take this class from him again and recommend him!""
""After taking this course I feel as though there are better professors for PSY 101. His lectures were hard to follow. After sitting in the lectures I feel like I would have to reteach myself the material because he would ramble on about different topics. My grade went up 15% when GVSU moved online because I had more time to teach myself.""
""Professor Galen was a weird guy", but had a good sense of humor. This class could be hard to teach, but he made the material easy to understand, and made the room less uncomfortable. He only graded on pop quizzes, exams, and extra credit though, so make sure to study! My advice - do study groups," it helped me raise my grade hearing what others had.""
""Pop quiz every week and you have to be in class for them. You get to drop the lowest two but the midterm and the final are pretty hard. Since we went online the class was a lot harder and I think It would have been better if it was in person.""
""Quirky"," nice prof. He cares about what he is teaching but not so much the success of his students. Your grade consists of two big tests & 12 mini quizzes. I had a horrible grade the whole semester & there's little room to bring it up. His tests are way harder than expected
""Wouldn't take his class again", lectures aren't clear, not good at concise power points and can barely read his handwriting on the board. I like to think he means well," but honestly comes across as pretty cold. Exams are also confusing and expects you to know way too much.""
""I found his lectures very interesting", but tests were worded hard to trick you. Grades were only 12 five point POP quizzes, midterm, and final. He drops the two lowest quizzes but still. You have to read the book bc he does quizzes either at beginning or end of class. He doesn't care to learn your name," and there are probs easier profs out there.""
""As a psych major", I don't mind this class since I've taken AP psych. The thing is," a lot of students just take this as a gen ed so this may be more difficult. He doesn't assign much """"HW"""" but expects you to do the reading (I recommend making outlines) and randomly gives out pop quizzes before or after the lecture and he won't let you make them up.""
""Professor Galen is really funny and his lectures are interesting. He gives out weekly quizzes so you need to keep up with readings and attend class or your grade will be dragged down. There were two exams given during the semester and both are quite challenging so be sure to really understand the material.""
""Loved Galen. I am taking him again next year. He is hilarious but has a dry and sarcastic sense of humor. Don't be confused about what this class will be teaching however", there is no cool, off the wall therapies. You go through the major waves of therapy starting with Freud. You discuss techniques, theories," and people. Take him.""
""Luke Galen knows the material and he keeps his lectures pretty interesting. I would definitely not take him again though. There are few things that are graded and the midterm and the final are the only exams and theyre extremely tough.""
""He was a fun professor and tried to keep the class interested. There was a quiz on the readings once a week which was usually the same as the quizzes that were in the reading. Midterm and final were a little difficult.""
""By far the worst professor I've had here. Do not take this class if you're looking for something easy""
""This class is definitely on the harder side. The tests are pretty hard and there are pop quizzes every week. There are basically only three things in the grade book so if you bomb a test you're screwed. He's a funny guy and explains the material well"," but otherwise won't go out of his way to make the lives of the students easier.""
""He was funny but the tests were really hard. I would take again. MUST read the textbook. Must attend class to do good on weekly quiz. Must do enrichment credits.""
""The class starts out a little boring", but once you start to understand his sense of humor and the topics start to get more interesting, it is a GREAT class. He shows multiple videos relating to concepts every class which are super helpful. There are weekly quizzes so it's crucial to read," but the textbook isn't bad. He gave the easiest extra credit""
""Even though Galen is funny when It comes to his lectures", he doesn't really care if you understand the material and he really doesn't care if you are passing or failing. I would recommend another teacher. Entering final exam week we only had 12 quizzes and our midterm in the grade book," not much graded. Hard Hard class.""
""If you are looking to actually pass a PSY 101 class", DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH GALEN. There are quizzes every week that are just worded hard, the lectures are fast and he does not spend much time on topics. The only things that are entered in the grade book are the 12 quizzes," and the mid term up until the final.""
""Prof. Reynolds' lectures were all over the place he'd go from one side of the whiteboard to other and then back to finish a problem and it got confusing as problems grew to be more difficult. Grades nicely and gives credit for having correct processes. NEED to read the book and take notes outside of class"," Khan Academy was my best friend.""
""Professor Reynolds is a caring guy", but I really struggled to understand most of his material. A lot of his lectures involve reviewing problems, but he forgets that a lot of his students need things to be slowed down to understand the material. Physics is a hard class," and he is going to make you work very hard for the grade.""
""His lectures had little organization to them. I did most of my learning in lab/discussion. His office hours were also very helpful""
""Extremely disorganized would often forget what he was talking about", and then move on to a different subject or problem. Test are more difficult than they should be," in fact the class average was failing for all 4 of them. I would not take him again.""
""If you need to take a class to fulfill the physical science w/lab requirement then this is a good choice. Professor Reynolds will get you through the class without much hassle. Math is used moderately but you'll barely be tested on it. Labs are graded on participation. Do not buy a hardcopy of the textbook. It'll be available online with your hw.""
""Where to start... Dr. Reynolds is an amazing professor. Humble", dry humored, and understanding. The class isn't all that difficult but, the labs and exams are. He's understanding and wants to see all of his students succeed. Please, if you are looking to fufil a pre-rec and see this class available with Dr. Reynolds," TAKE IT! He's a joy!""
""The class is very tough. Dr. Reynolds is a very understanding prof and will help whenever you need it. His tests are really difficult (avg. class grade between 50 and 60). He is all over the place in lecture and has no presentations to keep him organized. He knows the material so well he often takes shortcuts that don't make sense to students.""
""Physics is tough. Dr. Reynolds gets that"," and is more than willing to help get you through it. Very humble and approachable - learned everyone's names by week two. Top notch professor - highly recommend.""
""Great professor", very respectful, WANTS YOU TO PASS! Its a hard class but study, do homework, do practice exams," and a B is very attainable.""
""Very respectable", respects his students, helpful, seems humble which is important because often times other profs egos can impair teaching, good at relating physics to real life," difficult but I loved this class and miss the physics. .""
""Probably the best professor I've had in my entire life. He truly cares for his students and has a fantastic personality. Forgot to take an online quiz? He'll extend it for you", no questions asked. In a class of 80+, he learned every single student's name. Truly an amazing, helpful," genius of a professor. You do need to work for a good grade though.""
""Prof. Reynolds does a good job of keeping things interesting in lecture (does lots of demos", makes jokes," etc.) He teaches the material well but the class is just extremely difficult. Exams are very hard and online homework is harder -I rarely knew what I was doing on the latter. I would definitely recommend Prof. Reynolds for this difficult class.""
""Good prof", hard class, but I never really liked physics, easy tests if you know whats going on, great deominstrations but he does not write alot on the board so if you don't ask questions its alot harder but if you do your fine," he always goes back to explain things""
""Professor Reynolds is truly a great teacher. He cares about the students and is very helpful. The homework can be challenging and he is notorious for giving very hard exams. But", Reynold's curves the grades according to the class average which is helpful. If you go to class and do the homework," you should have no problem getting a B.""
""He's one of GV's finest.""
""Dr. Reynolds is one of the best profs I've had @ gvsu. He is very helpful"," make sure you go to office hours. He is a very funny guy and has some good demonstrations.""
""Professor Reynolds is a good professor. I personally prefer to see more steps for Physics problems presented in class", but he was helpful outside of class. This class takes a lot of work to understand the material," but Reynolds does a descent job! He is a funny guy and has great in-class demonstrations. Do the practice exams and go to office hours!""
""Really easy class and really good professor. Very lenient on the homework and when its due. The exams were a joke.""
""Reynolds is an awesome professor. Knows absolutely everything about his subject. His class is fun and entertaining. Moves REALLY fast though. If you keep up with your work"," you'll do well. I have never taken Physics before (not even in high school) and I got an A in his class. Would highly reccomend for ANY class.""
""He's a good professor- and is also very helpful whenever you need help on the Physics homework. He explained the material well and made the class an enjoyable learning experience.""
""I really liked taking Professor Scripps. He kept lecture interesting and I could tell he had a genuine interest in his students and wanted them to do the best they possibly could. Final grades aren't out yet", but I got an A or A-. This class is pretty difficult content-wise," so make sure you're keeping up with things and you will be alright!""
""Dr Jerry Scripps presents in a very interesting and involving way. Adds humor to make sure youre not bored by his lectures. Knowledgeable in the subject area. Sincerely respects students and converts his helping and caring attitude . Open to students suggestions on content"," methods""
""Prof. Scripps is a nice man", and he makes me laugh. His lectures are fine," but his weekly homework assignments in R-Studio are terrible. There's little to no instruction in the later assignments and he does not answer his emails when you have questions. Class went hybrid due to COVID19 and questions on my final project went completely unanswered.""
""Always helpful and answers any and all questions you may have"," you just have to ask.""
""I took CIS 162 with Scripps", an introductory Java course. He spends the classroom time teaching you about Java with the white board and projector (using a code platform to show real code). He'll answer questions, make jokes," and use metaphors to real world things to help strengthen student understanding of new concepts. Can collaborate on projects.""
""Scripps is an all round good guy with a great desire to teach. He is very smart and is also quite funny as well. 162 is not a hard class but Scripps made it enjoyable and the subject matter very memorable""
""My only complaint with Dr. Scripps' web applications course was that his material was somewhat dated. Direct questions about HTML5 or new JavaScript standards fell by the wayside.  That being said", Scripps has an interest in data science," so his thoughts and answers on the internet and web technologies as a whole are very insightful.""
""Tough class. He seems to struggle to help the students who know nothing about coding", but is willing to do what it takes to help. Lots of projects which he doesn't go much over beforehand," and he expects you to try it on your own first.""
""This was the most boring lecture and I eventually stopped attending. If you show up for the lab portion and do the online homework on your own", you should get an easy A. This was a very easy class but required a lot of time doing online work. I think Jerry was a very smart prof," but he had a hard time dumbing it down to our level. ""
""I took Scripps for Comp Sci 162. He certainly knew what he was doing when it came to programming and he usually was able to get the information across. No real tests during the class other than midterm and final. He uses a flipped classroom so be sure to watch the videos before class. Good"," not great teacher. Would take him again though.""
""Scripps has a very unique style of teaching. You watch all of the lectures on YouTube before class as homework and then go over the topics in class. This method helps a lot"," because you can code right along with him and can pause and rewind. Any questions can be addressed the next day in class as you go over examples. Very good professor.""
""Scripps is a bad ass dude. Take this thug for your classes because he's a great teacher. Scripps if life. Scripps is love. Scripps is all.""
""I went in with a tiny bit of programming experience"," and have not found the class to be all that difficult. Scripps was an overall average teacher in my opinion. Very funny though!""
""Scripps is a great teacher. Some people new to coding might have trouble", but he's very available to help if you're having issues, as is the lab assistant and your classmates. Not too much textbook use," flipped classroom style was extremely helpful. Taking him next semester for 163.""
""Scripps isn't a easy teacher. He can be funny and is a genius when it comes to coding", but he doesn't really do a good job teaching it to you. he isn't much help in labs at all either. It's hard at first because I had no programming or coding experience. I learned everything just fine," but mostley by myself with my text book. he's a funny guy tho.""
""The course itself is difficult.  Starts off really easy", but by the end of it you're left confused (unless you already have a background in Visual Basic coding).  Scripps was funny and nice, class was usually pretty entertaining.  The only downside is that when you're in lab," he isn't that helpful.  He just kinda shows you what to do.""
""This class itself can be difficult especially if you have no prior experience in programming"," but all around scripps is a excellent professor. He makes the class fun and he is really laid back.""
""The class is hard....but I'm not rating the class I'm rating Scripps and HE IS THE MAN!""
""I had this course a while ago", He is a great guy but expect to work a a lot...I had a little bit of programming experience before and still had some difficulty.  Now, 2 years later," I am good at Java I can see how this class could be a blast.  I didn't really feel like I learned from him until the END of the semester though.""
""If you've never had prior programming experience", don't expect to understand Scripps' lectures.  Having said that," he is very nice and a fun prof.""
""This is the poorest excuse for a capstone class ever. What kind of prof never replies to his school email"," but then emails his students 2 minutes after class starts that it's cancelled? And constantly leaves his students wondering what the plan is for the next class session by waiting for an email an hour or less before class for the details? Wow.""
""He is one of the funniest prof's I have had at GVSU which makes class ten times more enjoyable to go to. He's also pretty understanding about late work and extends deadlines when he feels needed. He responds back to emails pretty quickly and makes the lectures fun when the content seems boring.""
""I dropped his online class early on because of a mix of disorganization and demand due to it being a condensed summer course. He missed his own lecture. He wasn't responsive to emails. He expected us to be ready for impromptu mandatory zoom lectures. His announcements were overly complicated and messy. Good person just not a good online prof.""
""Awesome! hightly recommend!""
""Super useful class. Lange taught valuable skills and really made an effort to help us get internships. However", he is very hard to get ahold of outside class and he could be a little disorganized. But his lectures are interesting and he's an engaging, funny guy (though he does sometimes go off on tangents). Overall, a fun, easy," and helpful class.""
""Literally you only need to go to lab. I never went to lecture and got an A. Everything (I mean everything) is online on MyITLab so if you do the online homework you will be totally fine in the class. He will also curve EVERY exam and will give you the answers if you ask for help. 10/10. Other profs make you present your websites but he doesn't.""
""Out of all the CIS professors"," David K. Lange brings the most energy to the class and has many hilarious stories to share. Should get an A- or better if you participate.""
""CIS 150 in general isn't necessarily hard", just lots of tedious work and reading. Grader homework is hard DON'T MISS ANY OF THE QUIZZES, HELP DESKS, HOMEWORKS, ETC. S T U D Y the book," then you really won't have to hear his lectures DON'T MISS LABS Lange gives lots of EC if you attend class Lange also helps you during exams!""
""The class itself is kind of tedious but Prof. Lange is great and makes it interesting. Also a genuinely great guy.""
""Very very hard to get a hold of. If you ever have to make something up", good luck finding a time to meet with him. Nice guy," but not really too involved""
""You could really pass the class if you only showed up for exam days... Everything is online. Nice guy", easy to talk to, sometimes his voice is annoying, but would be worse. Wants everyone to do well," and is willing to work with you.""
""Prof. Lange is super laid back. Gives you study guides for midterm and final. Very easy class although the online homework is time consuming but that is the same for every CIS 150 class. Very funny"," and always willing to help! You do a webpage but he walked us tough it. Final was very easy too! Would definitely take another one of his classes.""
""Great teacher who was funny and made class entertaining. Class was pretty easy but there is a lot of homework"," but I believe every CIS class has to do it.""
""Professor Lange is the most entertaining professor i have ever had. Always saying the hilarouis things in class . Not a difficult class if you keep up with the online sam projects. Lectures are pointless to go to besides the lab.""
""Professor Lange has honestly made my experience at Grand Valley so amazing! I love him as a professor", and he understood how busy I was throughout the year when I missed at like 5 assignments that he would open back up for me. Lecture isn't necessary since there is a powerpoint/book," but he makes a lot of connections to the assignments there. HW!!!""
""Very helpful. The class was simple as long as you can follow step-by-step instructions. One day is in the lab and classroom", one day is just in the classroom. I skipped the classroom part a lot, it was very basic C.S. stuff. Tests are tough and online m. choice and matching. I didn't study much, did all my homework," and got an A-. He's a great guy""
""A very approachable and personable professor. While he may go off track on occasion in lectures"," he is always interesting to listen to. Course load is manageable if the proper time and effort is put forth.""
""Loved having Lange as a professor and I hope I can take another one of his courses. It was easy and if you have any word", excel," or access skills this class will be cake. By far my favorite professor so far. The only drawback was the expensive books.""
""Lange is a blast to listen to", never a dull moment. There is online work to be completed weekly," but his expectations of you are clear. Easy A if you do what is asked of you.""
""He's pretty funny", but he never really taught us how to make a website. He lectured on concepts surrounding web design, but never on html, css, or other actual web technologies. He's loud and obnoxious if you like that," but don't take him if you want to learn technical skills. Oh yeah he never taught actual Photoshop skills either. Just out of book""
""Learning maths can be boring", but meeting a good lecturer can turn everything into gold. Gabrosek is one such person. If given the chance, I will choose his lectures. Although sometimes he is a little clumsy," but his heart to make us fall in love with mathematics is enough to make him deep impression in my heart. Best wishes!""
""Learning maths can be boring", but meeting a good lecturer can turn everything into gold. Gabrosek is one such person. If given the chance, I will choose his lectures. Although sometimes he is a little clumsy," but his heart to make us fall in love with mathematics is enough to make him deep impression in my heart.""
""Dr. G is so kind and makes stats engaging. He breaks it down so it is simple to understand and he goes out of his way to help students and make sure they understand the material.""
""I really liked Dr.G! He made 321", which was online this semester," still a very interesting class. You can tell he really cares for his students and wants them to succeed. He gives a fair amount of homework and is always willing to give extra help. If you have the chance to have him as a prof definitely take him!""
""Dr. G is a nice guy", he would always answer questions if you had any. We were required to use a coding system in this class, and idk what other stats class requires that. You have 6 HWs and 2 tests and a final. Class material was boring but not too difficult if you paid attention. I didn't really read the book," only used it to get hw questions.""
""DON'T! The guy wrote the book", first red flag. This is the one of the only Stats classes at GVSU where you have to code. This class was made to be way harder than it should have been. Just take another prof. He's a very nice guy," started out the class with a fun little chat question to lighten the mood but the tests and HW were so hard and FREQUENT""
""He requires his students to use a textbook he wrote and it is not very well done. The problems are very hard to understand. He also requires you to teach the lesson to yourself before class and then take a quiz"," which destroyed grades because the textbook was hard to understand. He took an easy class with easy concepts and made it complicated.""
""Honestly", the class material is not that hard, but the information all has to be taught to yourself. Professor is nice, but he uses a team based class, which means you need and rely on the other members of your group, who are assigned. His grading is also weird and not ideal," but it's hard to explain.""
""I LOVED Dr. G!! This is a team based learning class", so be sure you work well in groups. A lot of the material you have to teach yourself," but he also goes over the important topics in class and has really good points to make. He gets to know every single student in his class and you can tell that he wants every student to succeed.""
""I really liked this professor! He knows what he's talking about", and he literally wrote the book that we use. He is super nice and helpful," and never looks at you like you asked a stupid question! Just make sure you attend class - he knows when you miss.""
""Gabrosek uses a team based learning to teach his classes. So the entire semester you are working with the same group. He wrote his textbook himself so it is sometimes hard to follow and he requires it to be read. He makes you take quizzes over the material before he even teaches it"," requiring you to teach the concepts to yourself.""
""Professor Gabrosek overall is a pretty good teacher. He brings great energy and enthusiasm to the course. However", he doesn't lecture a lot," and that's tough for learning statistics. I felt like I had to teach myself a lot of the material.""
""He's okay. The Team Based Learning really wasn't my thing and everything you learn is on your own through the textbook. Then you just work on activities with your group and he may go into little detail about some questions explaining how to do them. He's really nice just learning style wasn't for me.""
""He's probably a better professor to take for stats", but I wasn't a huge fan of his teaching. If you enjoy team-based learning then he's good for you, but I was not a big fan. He wrote the textbook for the class," but it can be tricky to comprehend. A very nice guy but I did not care for his teaching (or the subject itself).""
""Dr. G is one of the best Stats prof out there. He allows a cheat sheet on each exam", and you can put anything you want, even examples. He makes what is going to be on the exams very clear. The hw, is easy points to gain. He is a funny corky guy and remembers his students," and generally cares about his students. 10/10 would recommend""
""Best professor for Stats at GVSU hands down. All my friends that took stats almost failed because their professors were so bad"," but Gabrosek made the class understandable. He uses team-based learning which I thought I was going to hate but I had an amazing group! Everyone loves him and he is very personable. If you're taking stats TAKE HIM""
""After taking my last statistics class I was really debating dropping my stats minor. Prof Gabrosek is what kept me going with my minor. His lectures are clear and he is more than willing to answer questions during and outside of class. Would definitely recommend!""
""I love Dr. Gabrosek as a person", however the way he taught wasn't exactly best for me, and I know it wasn't very good for others as well. He did not have any lectures. Everything we learned was straight from the book or activities in class. I enjoyed the in-class activities," but I personally find it difficult to learn strictly from reading a book.""
""""""Docta G"""" is  the best! He goes out of his way to connect with students and help us work together. Everyone pays attention in his class"," because his explanations make sense and you know he's actually preparing you for exams and future stats classes. 10/10 would recommend!""
""I LOVE THIS MAN. He was the best prof for STAT 215.  He definitely makes you work but the classes are always fun and entertaining.""
""Dr. Nochera is not a very good professor. Her online lecture videos were nothing like the exams at all. Her lectures are just her rambling and she is not very good at explaining. There is barely any work to be graded"," so if you don't do good on the exams you're basically screwed.""
""Prof. Nochera's instructions for everything were incredibly unclear. She doesn't really know how to run a class. The exams covered no material that was learned in class and when you'd email her about it she'd have a lackluster response that never answered your questions. I would not recommend taking her ever.""
""Extremely confusing professor. Her emails make absolutely no sense. This class was online & all she posted were 3 short lectures covering weeks of material? They don't prepare you for the exam whatsoever. The exams were so difficult for no reason. I didn't learn a single thing & am still confused. I have taken nutrition before & I was still so lost""
""I have never had a more confusing professor ever. She will say one thing but mean the total opposite. This class you will not learn anything"," its more about passing and getting your work done before exams than learning anything. The work was easy and came along with pre recorded lectures. Questions on the exams would be worded very confusingly.""
""DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. The class is online and all she does is post 2-4 short lecture videos that she recorded from last year for an entire 2-3 week unit. Her lectures have nothing to do with exams so basically if you do not read and take notes from all of the chapters on the book you are going to do bad. You have no idea what to expect on exams.""
""Very easy capstone prof. I think she's retiring after this semester. Put in the work week to week"," finish the paper and do the presentation  A grade. She's a beam of positivity and friendliness. She remembers everyone's names and is a lot of fun. Always available to answer questions.""
""Tbh Prof Nochera didnt seem to put alot of effort into BMS 105. Lectures were rather bland and her powerpoints were black/white with only a few words. I did learn some stuff in this class"," however I wouldnt recommend this prof. Pretty sure Dr. Nochera retired in spring 2020 anyways...""
""Shes a nice person but her teaching style is entirely based around very low info power points and she says that the tests are based on the power points but they never were. She kept changing her teaching style when it came to reviewing for exams and it made it so you had no idea what the exam was going to be over. Talks VERY fast during lectures""
""If you enjoy learning about nutrition or want to learn more", do NOT take this class with Dr. Nochera. She is a sweet lady," but her material is outdated and her exams don't match her lectures. She cancelled a great deal of class and expected us to know the material. She goes fast and comes off passive aggressive which makes it hard to ask questions.""
""This class is a NIGHTMARE. She's very nice but she should NOT be a teacher. The information she """"teaches"""" is very old school - it is so outdated and not accurate. Takes attendance everyday too which is annoying. Lectures are unorganized and confusing/don't make sense. Exams don't match the material she presents in class. Worst class I've taken.""
""DO NOT TAKE HER. Worst professor I have ever had. Exams are NOTHING like anything she teaches. She should not be a professor"," plain and simple. This class is an absolute joke for a 100 level class. I am an a BMS student and her class was horrible. Made me drop the nutrition emphasis. Take this class with ANYONE else.""
""What you need to know: - READ THE BOOK: all of her exams only have info from the book", not so much from lecutre - ATTEND CLASS: she takes attendance and will call you out for not showing up - she talks very fast so ask if you can record her lecutres - she lets you do group quizzes and grades assignments easily," but TESTS ARE VERY HARD!!! STUDY!""
""This class was awful. She lectures from powerpoints that have very little info on them and she gets sidetracked a lot. The exams don't match up with the lectures at all and are very difficult so it was very hard to know how to prepare for them. She's a very sweet lady but it seemed like she was more concerned with being our friend than our teacher.""
""She is wonderful! The material itself isn't extremely interesting but she does her very best to get you excited about learning. The exams are kind of tough but you have a lot of in-class assignments that help boost your grade! You have to attend class because she takes attendance but you are allowed to miss a few times if necessary. I loved her!""
""She is fun in lecture but speaks fast and if you don't write everything down you will miss stuff for the test. Her powerpoints have little information on them and the tests are much harder than she makes it seem. Her class is too specific and challenging for a 100 level class. She does weight the tests and homework the same though.""
""What a nightmare. She's a super sweet lady & funny", but that's not why were there. For a 100 level this was a joke. Attendance taken every lecture, also a joke. We aren't in 2nd grade. Lectures were unorganized & random," exams were worse. No idea what's ever expected or how to even prepare for exams. If you need any kind of structure do not take!!""
""Dr. Nochera does not deserve to have such a low rating. Her tests are hard", but only if you do the bare minimum in the class. You will have to read the book, and you will have to pay attention to the lectures," but that's true of most college classes. She generally cares for her students and wants to see us all pass the class.""
""Don't let this 100 level course fool you! Lecture power points are VERY confusing. Test questions are very tricky and confusing. Dr. Nochera had to leave half way through the semester", and Professor house took over. TAKE PROFESSOR HOUSE! Her exams were so much easier, tests were straightfoward," her class is an easy A.""
""Would not recommend taking her. Lectures seemed fairly simple and straightforward", but the exams are tough. Her exam questions are tricky and confusing, and there are numerous typos. The nutrition booklet you had to buy that she wrote was awfully written and confusing," too. Didn't really learn much at all in this class.""
""Horrible professor. She'll tell you that things won't be on the test and then they will be almost verbatim. She also forgets what she teaches and doesn't teach and then will yell at you for not knowing the stuff she did not teach and specifically told you that you don't need to know. She's a joke.""
""Dr. Henderleiter is so understanding and kind. The content is hard", but she is always willing to help if you reach out. I would email her and get a response pretty quickly with a long response, making sure I understood everything. She posts modules with lecture videos and some assignments," and those along with the quiz/test are due weekly.""
""I loved Julie!! She really cares about students so much", and as long as you put in the effort for chemistry," she will help you succeed in this class. I will genuinely miss her because she was so nice and motivational for me to do well in chemistry.""
""Dr. H is very boring but is helpful when you ask. The exams are nothing like the review and she puts things that you never learned on it. She is a very unfair grader and gives the people who are lazy more chances to bring their grade up and the good students just get what they get. I would highly suggest avoiding her as a teacher.""
""The homework and tests don't match the notes which makes this class extremely hard. Her lectures are kinda pointless because she'll bring stuff up that won't ever be used. The homework and tests have things on them that were never discussed and she expects you to know how to do them even when you weren't taught""
""Super nice person but she doesn't teach the material very well. Having a hard time doing the homework due to her not teaching the material. Very confusing and hard to follow""
""While she is the only chemistry teacher I have studied under", Dr. Henderleiter is an incredible professor. In a lecture hall of 80 students," it's obvious she cared about each of us. She is incredibly concise in her teaching so you know exactly what to expect on exams and homework.""
""Shes a nice person but her lectures are very boring and kind of hard to follow along. Her examples she gives and whats on tests and quizzes dont match up. If you dont already have a good basic understanding of chem and the math thats used"," then take someone else.""
""She is strict but fair. Kinda boring.""
""Dr. H is an angel. She sincerely wants everyone to understand. Lectures are often engaging", her sense of humor is impeccable. Inorgo-chem is a HARD subject, but she goes above + beyond to make it accessible to everyone. Spend time with your assigned group outside of class to do the homework problems," and pay attention to example problems.""
""She is a nice person"," but always seems so confused by the material. It got to the point where other students in the class were correcting her multiple times per class.""
""Chem 115 is a course that you will have to work at. Even if you come from an excellent science school", you will have a wake up call. With that said, Mrs. Henderleiter tries to place students in groups that will help you achieve the best results. If a student wants to do well," they will do well.""
""Prof. Henderleiter is a very enthusiastic teacher and she shows you that she cares about you and your grades. She definitely makes you work for your grades and her tests are fairly difficult. I am a mostly A student so ending this class with a B- was quite a let down. I could have probably tried harder though.""
""If you ask her questions her answers are very vague. Her grading criteria is also very unclear"," especially in lab. She is a very nice person but not a very good professor. Don't buy the textbook
""Dr. Henderleiter was helpful at times"," but her grading criteria for lab reports was extremely fuzzy. It was the lowest grade I received this semester. Don't take it at 8am
""This class was WAY too difficult for an intro class. I came into this class having never taken a chem class before", and she demands that you have prior knowledge from high school. Passing this class is fairly easy if you have experience with chem, however if you are not great at chem," expect to struggle. Her tests are extremely hard. ""
""I really enjoyed taking this class. Im interested in chemistry though but even with an 8am downtown I enjoyed going. She doesnt check attendance but its always good to go. Best thing to do is work on problems and the class will be a breeze. I would definitely take a class with her again!""
""Prof. Henderleiter is a very good teacher"," she wants to make sure you know the material and use critical thinking skills.  That being said her tests can be difficult but if you study hard you can do well.""
""She isn't the best at explaining the material"," but she is very willing to answer questions.""
""Dr Henderlieter is a great teacher. She Got be interested in chem.  She i very helpful and doesn't want her students to fail if they try.""
""She is a great teacher!  Very helpful", always willing to help on homework or any other questions you have.  Exams are not too bad," if you study.  I really enjoyed taking her and I would strongly recommend her to others!!""
""great prof""
""Couldn't stand him"," but he was super easy. Study 3-5 cribs before every quiz and you'll do fine. Did other homework through every class and still pulled off an A. No homework besides 1 paper so you have no excuse to not study. Super boring and he didn't like me for being late to class 1 day though.""
""Study the cribs. You're good to go.    ONE MINUTE"," ONE MINUTE REMAINING.""
""Professor knows subject well.  If you find cribs and study from them"," you will do fine in the class.""
""ONE MINUTE.  YOU HAVE ONE MINUTE REMAINING.""
""CRIB!!! Study crib and section for 30 mins prior to class and you'll get a good grade.""
""Very easy class. There's a test every Wednesday", but if you study the cribs, you should be in the clear. Attendance isn't mandatory, but when he goes over the material, he adds useful information in that's not in the class manual. But overall, very easy class," and Riffe is a knowledgable guy and has lots of stories.""
""Riffe is extremely easy. All you gotta do is come to class and study his cribs and you will pass. He takes attendance by passing back the quizzes and whose ever he gets back", they're marked absent. You take the quizzes on the day he doesn't pass quizzes back so attendance is mandatory. He is boring," but he is the best IME 100 professor to have.""
""Do not take the 8am class. You will not be able to stay awake. His tests are very cribable"," so just study the night before and you should be fine.""
""Easy class"," nice prof. Tries to keep a boring class interesting and is a pretty funny guy.""
""Amazing guy. Great lab teacher. Very helpful if you go talk to him during office hours. Really nice if he likes u. BUT", the MOST BORING LECTURE CLASS EVER!!!! Take a pillow or a computer!! If you even have a trace amount of intelligence," USE CRIBS!!!!!""
""He's a nice guy and wants you to do well", but if you are a CE or EE student," lecture will bore you to death.  USE CRIBS and you'll get an easy wag booster.""
""He's a great man. He tells you to use cribs to help you study"," so do it.""
""Memorize the meaning of the words for the quizes and you will ace the class. If you don't understand something look it up online and you will do fine.""
""his notes have terrible pictures and don't always explain properly", look everything up online and understand it that way," combine with cribs and you will ace this class easily.""
""His quizzes are badly written", tries to trick you. Pay attention in class," I have used this material at work more than any other class.""
""1 minute"," 1 minute remaining!  Not a bad prof.  Lots of memorization for quizzes.  Got a good grade.""
""Not a bad grader", much easier than most any other prof. teaching IME 100," a little long winded but otherwise a good prof.""
""Very easy professor. Explains things well", and cares about student performance. Study before tests and quizes," and you'll do fine.""
""Easy Class""
""Hard at first", but getting to know him more he is a great professor. Makes you work for the grade you deserve. He is a hilarious man, who is also genuine if you don't understand. I would recommend you take him," he is someone who genuinely loves chemistry.""
""If you want to pass", you need the book. Even if you just have the older edition- I actually recommend the pdf, because then you can also use the periodic table when necessary for the course. I had him for 135 (lecture) and 136 (lab) and deff hope you have him for lab. Get on his good side," you'll get an A. ""
""Awful. Everyday it felt as if """"Doc Mac"""" hated the class. Occasionally he had his moments of comedy", which were forced and distracting. Tests never felt fair," as the material taught to us in class was not what we would find in the tests. Textbook is mandatory to actually succeed in class as that as where the tests come from. Go for an older edition.""
""Had a hard time with the out of class work because i had bell for chem 135. Slightly funny. Make sure if you get him for chem lab"," get him for chem 135 also. Hmwk after every lab but isn't bad if you know chemistry. Tests are kinda easy.""
""Had him for 136 and 146 (both labs) and got an A in both. Really helpful"," even if he does talk down to you (I think he's just trying to be funny though). Not cribable so look over labs before class to prepare for quizzes. Bumped up my grade at the end of the term for being friendly with him and good attendance. One of my favorite teachers at KU.""
""Good prof", not a bad class if u keep up on hw," and he is really funny""
""Wouldn't have gotten above a C if I hadn't had Chem in HS. Tests are hard but he's not a bad prof. He follows the lab schedule in his lectures which helped - my partner had Bell who didn't follow lab schedule at all and put them at a disadvantage.""
""It's a tough class. Good teacher", shows mastery of subject and good teaching skills, just he will make you work for a good grade. You can pass by doing a little bit. But to get an A, you'll have to go above and beyond what you'd expect from other profs at KU. Funny guy," and class was always interesting. It's just a tough class.""
""Doc Mac acts as if he does not care about the students or the class. He does. He is a decent teacher", but his tests are moderately cribbable and come straight from the example problems he does in class and the homework. Not much partial credit so you have to know your stuff. Go to class (for examples)," do your homework and studt. He's not THAT bad.""
""He is a very rude professor and expects you to already know the material instead of teaching it properly. His exams are hard and you need to do a lot of independent book studying to pass. If you can avoid taking him then do so!""
""The professor expected the two-person groups in the chemistry lab to work independently.  However", he would be there whenever anyone had a question.  Furthermore," I can tell that the professor cared alot about his students.""
""One of the few educators I have encountered that I sincerely and passionately dislike. 'Doc Mac' made CHEM-135 a miserable", if not intolerable," experience. He is somewhat disrespectful to students
""For Chem-Lab", Doc Mac is a good professor to get, he shows you how to do all of the labs and the practical is very easy thanks to him. If you get him for chem-lab," don't worry.""
""He can seem to be a nice guy at times", but for the most part is really rather rude. He is not very good at explaining things," and gets angry when you ask him a question. Avoid his class if you can.""
""Difficult material and he wasn't much help.  Lab was really rough- no one ever knew what was going on.  He's too vague about what he wants.  He's looking for something specific"," but he won't tell you what it is.  Don't take him if you don't like essay tests.""
""Doc Mac seems like a """"nice guy""""", but his tests are WAY too hard.  I put a LOT more time and effort into this cl**** than any of my other cl****es this term, and this cl**** was by far my worst grade.  Other cl****es were senior level engineering cl****es," so they should have been at least as hard/harder""
""He is the most useless prof. for the chem lab at Kettering. Unwilling to help and does not care about any students what so ever. Do not take this professor is possible. Only reason I got a decent grade was because I knew the material before hand.""
""he was ok"," quizes were hard and the class took forever.  Other classes would leave and we would still  have an hour of work ahead of us because he talks  so much in the beginning of class.  Was somewhat mean if you asked a question but overall he wasnt THAT bad.""
""Doc Mac refused to give partial credit on test questions that he", as the professor," worded incorrectly. He is very vague at explaining things and doesn't like to have students correct him or question his lectures. Tests are fairly difficult and very specific on a subject that has no bearing on engineering and is a pre-req for nothing.""
""Very difficult class. Partial credit was next to nothing. Also an intimidating person to talk to. If you have to ask questions"," talk to him during office hours. That makes it a little easier. Only needed 650/1000 to pass the course which was nice. Plenty of opportunities to get the points needed.""
""His way or the highway when it comes to techniques so if you found a good way to do something too bad.""
""Class is moderately difficult and Salacuse just doesnt give coherent lectures. Quizzes are straight from homework but he doesnt want you to use methods found from homework. Drops lowest 2 quizzes which you will desperately need. And exams are cobbled from homework and quizzes. Dont take""
""Barely did any examples in class. All quizzes were exactly from the assigned book problems. Pretty much left you to learn diffeq yourself without much help. Did not write much on the board and ended class way too early to learn anything most days. I learned almost everything in that class solely from going to SI.""
""Do the homework. Quizzes based on homework. Tests generally cover homework questions. Drops 2 lowest quiz grades. Take him if at all possible", since your other option is Dimitrov and chances are if you are taking this course," then you need to actually learn the material. You will not learn anything from Dimitrov. Take Salacuse.""
""Prof. Salacuse knows his subject and lectures well. He gives 6 quizzes throughout the term and will drop the lowest 2. His quizzes come straight from homework and tests are usually modified homework questions. Do the homework", get 100% on 4 quizzes," and study quizzes/homework in preparation for the tests. Easy A.""
""Great professor. The only reason I failed his class is because I'm stupid. He has 6 quizzes", which contain problems straight from the homework. I didn't do my homework, so I didn't do well. However," he drops the lowest two quizzes. You will also have to memorize three proofs of calculus theorems. It's not as bad as you think.""
""GMI Joe solves differential equations harder than me and lifts weights harder than me! Overall a great class. Learned a lot.""
""His lectures may not be the most exciting things in the world", but he explains things fairly well and will treat you as fair as possible.  He has always been consistent
""Excellent professor", highly recommended. Do the homework and you've already done your quizzes and exams, just go over your homework the night before and you've pretty much got it. Knows what he is talking about, extremely helpful," best math professor I've had.""
""Do the homework and it's an easy A. Quizzes are straight from the homework. He drops the lowest two quizzes. Have to study for the midterm and final - his old exams on eReserves are helpful and make the exams easy. Have a group Maple project due at the end of the term but he is very helpful and even came in on weekends to help.""
""Mastery of subject",good teaching skills,generally nice guy,but damn it that class was hard. 5to7 nights of studying each week,and even studying the material after the test I just took on that material to better grasp the material.He's a great teacher,"just the material didn't click in my head as easy as I'm used to.Didn't do Laplace much at the end.""
""Pretty good prof. Just take notes and do homework assigned. there are 6 quizzes based off the homework and he drops the lowest 2. Pretty fair grader. Can be sorta random in lecture but alright otherwise. Would take again without issue.""
""Great Prof - Quizzes are right from H/W. Mid term and Final were tough", study hard and truly understand the material. Good guy," fun class.""
""Quizzes are cribbable and easy.  Do the homework and you'll get 100.  Tests aren't too bad if you do homework and review quizzes.  REALLY boring lectures.""
""Good guy"," easy do the homework the night before the quiz and you will do fine.""
""Prof salacuse was a great prof.  I learned all of the material.  I got a high grade plus learned it.  If you don't do the homework take a different prof.  The homework isn't graded or looked at"," but u'll fail if you don't do it.  I'd take him again.  If you study you get good grades.""
""Gives a lot of time in class to answer questions from the homework. Drops the lowest two quizzes", so you have a chance to mess up but not take a hit from it. Teaches well, but a really hard grader. His somewhat low," monotone voice could lull one to sleep if they're bored. (Catchphrase: """"Is everyone with me who wants to be with me?"""")""
""Good teacher"," explains things very well. Do the homework and you'll do well in the class.""
""Good Teacher", teaches the material repeatedly so you understand it. Quizzes are just like the hw, so DO THE HW and you'll do fine. Midterm he's throws you off a little, but study and pay attention and you will do fine. Visit his office hours," and work early on the maple project!! Good prof!. Dressing style rocks! Def bring bubbles to class :)""
""Repeats the material to death so you will learn it whether or not you want to. The quizes come straight from the homework. Be careful on his Maple Assignment...structure it exactly like his sample problem to the tee or you will get killed. """"Heres the homework"," Class is not over""""""
